PT	AU	BA	BE	GP	AF	BF	CA	TI	SO	SE	BS	LA	DT	CT	CY	CL	SP	HO	DE	ID	AB	C1	RP	EM	RI	OI	FU	FX	CR	NR	TC	Z9	U1	U2	PU	PI	PA	SN	EI	BN	J9	JI	PD	PY	VL	IS	PN	SU	SI	MA	BP	EP	AR	DI	D2	EA	PG	WC	SC	GA	UT	PM	OA	HC	HP	DA
S	Maimone, MW; Maxwell, S; Biesiadecki, JJ; Algermissen, S			IEEE	Maimone, Mark W.; Maxwell, Scott; Biesiadecki, Jeffrey J.; Algermissen, Stirling			RP-check: An Architecture for Spaceflight Command Sequence Validation	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE			ROVER SURFACE OPERATIONS	NASA Mars Rover operations are planned anew every day, in contrast to traditional deep space missions where operations can be planned weeks or months in advance. Verification of the rovers' spacecraft commands must be performed quickly, implemented robustly, and must consider multiple possible outcomes. In this paper we discuss the architecture behind one component of our system, a software tool named RP-check that evaluates command sequences created by the Rover Planner (RP) team. RP-check is one component of the Rover Sequencing and Visualization Program (RSVP), our primary tool for commanding and validating the mobility, arm, and turret subsystems on the rovers. RP-check is the spacecraft sequencing equivalent of programming language analyzers like lint 161. It automates the analysis of sequences of commands, evaluating their conformance to best practices described by mission-spanning Flight Rules and Rover Planner team-specific recommendations. It checks hundreds of rules and typically completes its assessment in less than 30 seconds, enabling Rover Planners to continuously validate and refine their command sequences many times a day while planning activities. RP-check owes its success to a simple framework that enables it run quickly and makes it easy to add new rules. Built and maintained by members of the Rover Planner team, new rules and test cases can be validated and deployed quickly to ensure that any issues of concern that arise during operations will be addressed in all future plans.	[Maimone, Mark W.; Maxwell, Scott; Biesiadecki, Jeffrey J.; Algermissen, Stirling] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Maimone, MW (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Mark.Maimone@jpl.nasa.gov			NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); U.S. Government	The work described in this paper was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with NASA. Copyright 2017 California Institute of Technology. U.S. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		19	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													10	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397404013					2020-09-09	
S	Martin, S; Bottom, M; Nissen, J; Shaklan, S			IEEE	Martin, Stefan; Bottom, Michael; Nissen, Joel; Shaklan, Stuart			HabEx Space Telescope Guiding Systems	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				The HabEx (Habitable Exoplanet Imaging Mission) study is developing concepts for a next generation space telescope operating from the ultraviolet to the infrared. HabEx is making exoplanet science the primary mission objective and adding two secondary payload instruments for general astrophysics, including ultraviolet spectroscopy. For exoplanet work, two approaches are being developed. The first is a coronagraph with two separate channels to cover a broad spectral range from 450 nm to 1000 nm in two observations. The second is a starshade to cover the band 300 nm to 1000 nm in a single observation. These instruments are complementary; the coronagraph can make rapid survey observations while the starshade can reach closer in to the star and once on target, enables more efficient spectroscopic observations. This paper describes some of the key design considerations necessary to enable coronagraph and starshade observations.	[Martin, Stefan; Bottom, Michael; Nissen, Joel; Shaklan, Stuart] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Martin, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	stefan.r.martin@jpl.nasa.gov	Martin, Stefan/AAV-4076-2020		National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The information in this paper is pre-decisional and is provided for planning and discussion purposes only. This work was conducted at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Copyright 2017 California Institute of Technology. Government sponsorship acknowledged. All rights reserved.		15	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													10	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397404042					2020-09-09	
S	Matthes, CSR; Woerner, DF; Hendricks, TJ; Fleurial, JP; Oxnevad, KI; Barklay, CD; Zakrajsek, JF			IEEE	Matthes, Christopher S. R.; Woerner, David F.; Hendricks, Terry J.; Fleurial, Jean-Pierre; Oxnevad, Knut I.; Barklay, Chadwick D.; Zakrajsek, June F.			Next-Generation Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generator Study	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generators (RTGs) have been used to power NASA missions of various types throughout the past five decades. The most recent RTG iteration, used for NASA's Mars Science Laboratory, is the Multi-Mission RTG (MMRTG), which is currently the only spaceflight-qualified system available. The U.S. planetary science community has expressed a desire for more power system options to be available to accommodate a range of ambitious future mission concepts across the solar system. Recent advancements in thermoelectric (TE) materials technology have raised a potential for significantly increased efficiency in future RTGs, which helped spur a recent in-depth NASA study of options for future systems. A "next-generation" RTG study was conducted to develop new RTG concepts that could meet the needs of planetary science missions through the 2030s and beyond. A Next-Generation RTG would aim to extend the types of potential NASA missions able to be supported, while fulfilling requirements related to technical risk and schedule. In this study, 21 potential thermoelectric couple configurations were analyzed by considering various high-performance, high-temperature TE materials and segmentation techniques that maximize convertor efficiency and power density. System modularity was explored, and found to be a promising means to offer improved flexibility for NASA mission concepts with varying scope and power requirements. This paper presents the results of the study, demonstrating the viability of developing an updated RTG system design, and defining conceptual system approaches for a new, potentially revolutionary RTG.	[Matthes, Christopher S. R.; Woerner, David F.; Hendricks, Terry J.; Fleurial, Jean-Pierre; Oxnevad, Knut I.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Barklay, Chadwick D.] Univ Dayton, Res Ctr, 300 Coll Pk, Dayton, OH 45469 USA; [Zakrajsek, June F.] NASA, Glenn Res Ctr, 21000 Brookpk Rd, Cleveland, OH 44135 USA	Matthes, CSR (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	cmatthes@jpl.nasa.gov; david.f.woerner@jpl.nasa.gov; terry.j.hendricks@jpl.nasa.gov; jean-pierre.fleurial@jpl.nasa.gov; knut.i.oxnevad.dr@jpl.nasa.gov; chadwick.barklay@udri.udayton.edu; june.f.zakrajsek@nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		6	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													9	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403061					2020-09-09	
S	McCormick, R; Austin, A; Wehage, K; Backus, S; Miller, R; Leith, J; Bradley, B; Durham, P; Mukherjee, R			IEEE	McCormick, Ryan; Austin, Alex; Wehage, Kristopher; Backus, Spencer; Miller, Robert; Leith, James; Bradley, Ben; Durham, Parker; Mukherjee, Rudranarayan			REMORA CubeSat for Large Debris Rendezvous, Attachment, Tracking, and Collision Avoidance	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE			ADHESION	This paper presents the feasibility study of the REMORA CubeSat mission concept with an integrated miniature robotic payload to prevent large debris collisions. While orbital debris poses a threat to spacecraft, a collision between the largest space debris objects is of significant concern. The DARPA Catcher's Mitt study compiled a list of the highest priority large debris objects. By annually removing 5-10 of these high priority objects, it may be possible to stabilize the medium sized debris population. Instead of deorbiting objects, REMORA would use COTS CubeSat components and secondary payload launches as a cost-effective solution for mitigating large debris collisions. The REMORA CubeSat could rendezvous with a piece of debris and use the robotic manipulator to anchor itself to the target object. Once anchored, the CubeSat could track the debris and, if needed, alter the debris object's trajectory to prevent a collision. Aspects discussed include the mission and robotic payload baseline designs. Many of the highest priority objects identified in the DARPA Catcher's Mitt study are located in the 71 degrees-75 degrees inclination range and in sun-synchronous orbit. An initial mission design concept targets sun-synchronous objects due to the large number of launch opportunities to this orbit. The mission was simulated with a combination of MATLAB, GMAT, and STK. A CubeSat robotic payload was designed to provide a decreased chance of collision between the CubeSat and debris object during attachment, augment the ACS during approach, and provide the ability to orient the thrust vector through the center of mass while pushing. This robotic payload includes a computing element, cameras, miniature robotic arm, and end-effector. An initial miniature arm prototype was designed and built to demonstrate feasibility and inform future designs. An end-effector trade study was performed to explore different end-effectors that could be used to for attaching to the common graspable features on large debris objects. Grasping methods, including mechanical prehension, gecko grippers, electrostatic grippers, and magnetic grippers, were investigated.	[McCormick, Ryan; Austin, Alex; Wehage, Kristopher; Backus, Spencer; Miller, Robert; Leith, James; Bradley, Ben; Durham, Parker; Mukherjee, Rudranarayan] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	McCormick, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	ryan.l.mccormick@jpl.nasa.gov; alexander.austin@jpl.nasa.gov; kristopher.t.wehage@jpl.nasa.gov; spencer.backus@jpl.nasa.gov; rwmiller4@alaska.edu; leithjames01@gmail.com; jaminradley95@gmail.com; parkerdurham96@gmail.com; rudranarayan.m.mukherjee@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); DARPA's Tactical Technology Office (TTO); U.S. Government	The research described in this publication was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and partial funding from DARPA's Tactical Technology Office (TTO) through an agreement with NASA. The views, opinions, and/or findings expressed are those of the author(s) and should not be interpreted as representing the official views or policies of the Department of Defense or the U.S. Government. Copyright 2017 California Institute of Technology. U.S. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		14	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													13	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397404039					2020-09-09	
S	Mccoy, K; Nairouz, B; Bradley, B; Jones-Wilson, L; Susca, S			IEEE	Mccoy, Kelli; Nairouz, Bassem; Bradley, Ben; Jones-Wilson, Laura; Susca, Sara			Assessing the Science Robustness of the Europa Clipper Mission: Science Sensitivity Model	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Existing characterization of Europa's environment is enabled by the Europa Clipper mission's successful predecessors: Pioneer, Voyager, Galileo, and most recently, Juno. These missions reveal high intensity energetic particle fluxes at Europa's orbit, requiring a multidimensional design challenge to ensure mission success (i.e. meeting L1 science requirements). Risk averse JPL Design Principles and the Europa Environment Requirement Document (ERD) dictate practices and policy, which if masterfully followed, are designed to protect Clipper from failure or degradation due to radiation. However, even if workmanship is flawless and no waivers are assessed, modeling errors, shielding uncertainty, and natural variation in the Europa environment are cause for residual concern. While failure and part degradation are of paramount concern, the occurrence of temporary outages, causing loss or degradation of science observations, is also a critical mission risk, left largely unmanaged by documents like the ERD. The referenced risk is monitored and assessed through a Project Systems Engineering-led mission robustness effort, which attempts balance the risk of science data loss with potential design cost and increased mission complexity required to mitigate such risk. The Science Sensitivity Model (SSM) was developed to assess mission/science robustness, with its primary goal being to ensure a high probability of achieving Level 1 (L1) science objectives. The understanding of Ll science objective achievement is folded back into the spacecraft, instrument, and mission system design requirements in an iterative fashion. The Science Sensitivity Model development is a cross-Project multidisciplinary effort leveraging, and literally linking, several novel Project products: Mission Science Traceability and Alignment Framework (M-STAF): framework for writing Level 2 (L2) science measurement requirements in an organized and cohesive manner such that a science requirement set is complete and consistent across the instruments [1]. Fault/Reliability Analysis: assesses the probability a recoverable failure occurs on the spacecraft or instrument and the time it takes for the Europa Clipper system to recover. Verification of Europa Requirements Integrating Tour and Science (VERIT aS): model for assessing attainment of L2 science measurement requirements (as specified in M-STAF) for a given trajectory [2]. This tool is used to triage candidate Europa tours and to understand requirement sensitivity if the face of expected outages. Project Science Traceability and Alignment Framework (P-STAF): framework that builds upon the idea of the Science Traceability Matrix (STM) to link L2 science measurement requirements to Ll science measurement requirements, enabling the understanding of instrument dependencies and robustness [3]. This paper will tie these topics together and show how they interconnect to ensure Europa's science objectives are attained in the face of a challenge few deep space missions have encountered.	[Mccoy, Kelli; Nairouz, Bassem; Bradley, Ben; Jones-Wilson, Laura; Susca, Sara] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Mccoy, K (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Kelli.J.Mccoy@jpl.nasa.gov; Bassem.Nairouz@jpl.nasa.gov; Ben.Bradley@jpl.nasa.gov; Laura.L.Jones@jpl.nasa.gov; Sara.Susca@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		6	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													13	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397402005					2020-09-09	
S	McKinney, C; Goodsall, T; Hoenk, M; Shelton, J; Rumney, K; Basset, C; Jeganathan, M; Moore, D			IEEE	McKinney, Colin; Goodsall, Timothy; Hoenk, Michael; Shelton, Jacob; Rumney, Keith; Basset, Christophe; Jeganathan, Muthu; Moore, Douglas			Context Cameras for the Orbiting Carbon Observatory 3 (OCO-3) Instrument	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				We have developed an adaptable camera platform that takes advantage of screened and qualified commercial off the shelf (COTS) components (CMOS sensor, rad-tolerant microcircuits, lenses) to significantly shorten development time of space-borne visible imaging systems while reducing the overall cost and risk of the development. This modular camera platform is implemented as a suite of two visible-light cameras for the Orbiting Carbon Observatory 3 (OCO-3) instrument at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL). The Internal Context Camera (ICC) and External Context Camera (ECC) provide contextual engineering imaging support for the calibration of the OCO-3 instrument, intended to significantly reduce the duration of the mission's calibration campaign. The OCO-3 mission has taken advantage of the design and qualification work performed by JPL's Mars 2020 Enhanced Engineering Camera (EECam) team in reusing the qualified COTS CMOS imaging sensor, proven electronic designs, and scalable field-programmable gate array (FPGA) firmware to meet OCO-3's mission requirements and resource availability. We will be presenting the steps taken by JPL to design, build, and test the Context Cameras for the OCO-3 mission. We will highlight the design deviations from the Mars2020 EECams and discuss the methodology of tailoring the EECam design for the OCO-3 requirements. Camera imaging capabilities, including focal plane and optical performance, will be presented, as well as a summary of the calibration and environmental test results. Finally, we will discuss the potential for future applications for the Context Cameras.	[McKinney, Colin; Goodsall, Timothy; Hoenk, Michael; Shelton, Jacob; Rumney, Keith; Basset, Christophe; Jeganathan, Muthu; Moore, Douglas] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	McKinney, C (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Colin.McKinney@jpl.nasa.gov; Timothy.Goodsall@jpl.nasa.gov; Michael.E.Hoenk@jpl.nasa.gov; Jacob.Shelton@jpl.nasa.gov; Keith.Rumney@jpl.nasa.gov; Christophe.Basset@jpl.nasa.gov; Muthu.Jeganathan@jpl.nasa.gov; Douglas.M.Moore@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The work described in this paper was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		5	2	2	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													15	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403079					2020-09-09	
S	Meirion-Griffith, G; Nesnas, I; Kerber, L; Anderson, R; Brown, T; Calef, F; Burdick, J; Tanner, M			IEEE	Meirion-Griffith, Gareth; Nesnas, Issa; Kerber, Laura; Anderson, Robert; Brown, Travis; Calef, Fred; Burdick, Joel; Tanner, Melissa			Accessing Mars Recurring Slope Lineae: Mobility Systems Analysis	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Recurring Slope Lineae, RSL, are visible steaks on the sides of Martian craters and other steep landforms with three distinct characteristics: i) they occur seasonally, ii) they lengthen with time, and iii) they fade. Recently, 474 RSL-like (>= 1 characteristic) and 69 RSL (all 3 characteristics) sites have been identified and are located in four primary regions of Mars: Chryse and Acidalia Planitiae, Valles Marineras, the Equatorial highlands, and the Southern Mid-Latitudes. There are several hypotheses that explain the origin of RSL, ranging from the motion of dry, granular material downhill, to the presence of underground aquifers. These hypotheses can be partially resolved by proximal (<= 100m) or even distal (>1km) observations. However, complete disambiguation can only be achieved through surface contact science. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory recently conducted a study into the methods by which a landed asset could access RSL sites to assist in the separation of RSL hypotheses. During this study, 8 of the 69 RSL sites were considered to be landable based on their latitude, elevation, topography, and ability to support an 8 km landing ellipse. In this paper, the accessibility of these sites is detailed through a discussion of their geometry, terrain types, slope and surface roughness. Particular attention is paid to three craters: Selevac, Andapa, and Garni, which were assessed to be strong candidates for scientific investigation. The challenges of accessibility provide the basis for which an assessment of the concepts of operation of 22 architectures is given. Though individually assessed, these concepts can be broadly compiled into balloon, helicopter, missile, and ground ascent/descent groups. First order sizing, power, and mass calculations for each group are detailed along with their advantages and concept specific challenges. The merits of each concept is assessed as a function of the science they enable, technology readiness and feasibility, cost, and risk. A ranking matrix is presented along with selected weightings. Based on the results of the trade study, the highest rated concepts are identified and their next stages of analysis and development are proposed.	[Meirion-Griffith, Gareth; Nesnas, Issa; Kerber, Laura; Anderson, Robert; Brown, Travis; Calef, Fred; Burdick, Joel; Tanner, Melissa] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Meirion-Griffith, G (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	garethm@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The authors wish to thank several key contributors to this work: David Stillman (SwRI), Jay Dickson (Caltech) and Colin Dundan (USGS) for their input to the science drivers for the mission, Wayne Johnson (NASA ARC), Larry Young (NASA ARC), and Soon-Jo Kim (Caltech) for their expertise and guidance in the analyses of helicopter concepts, and Joel Benito (JPL), Ashley Karp (JPL) and Barry Nakazono (JPL) for lending their expertise and time in the development of missile concepts.		21	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													13	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397402083					2020-09-09	
S	Moreland, SJ; Backes, PG; Badescu, M; Riccobono, D; Mongelli, M; Vieira, P; Brinkman, A; Rehnmark, F; Wei, R; Adams, G; Toda, R; Cervantes, W; Zacny, K			IEEE	Moreland, Scott Jared; Backes, Paul G.; Badescu, Mircea; Riccobono, Dario; Mongelli, Marco; Vieira, Peter; Brinkman, Alex; Rehnmark, Fredrick; Wei, Robert; Adams, Grayson; Toda, Risaku; Cervantes, William; Zacny, Kris			Full-scale Dynamic Touch-and-Go Validation of the BiBlade Comet Surface Sample Chain	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				This paper presents the validation of the end-to-end BiBlade comet surface sampling chain, including Touch-and-Go (TAG) activities. The sampling chain consists of the BiBlade sampler, a structural compliant interface to a would-be spacecraft, a 3 degree-of-freedom planar robotic arm, a sample volume measurement device, and two sample vaults. The endto-end sample chain is integrated into a purpose built full-scale dynamic spacecraft emulator, enabling to be performed the full sequence from surface approach to collected sample storage. Touchdown, sample triggering, sample acquisition, and ascent from surface are a critical set of sequences dependent on spacecraft dynamics and the sampler interaction with a comet surface. Of special importance are the rotational and linear inertias provided by the 2200kg spacecraft emulator during TAG operations. The full-scale dynamic spacecraft emulator is intended to validate these complex interactions between the sampler, comet surface simulants, and spacecraft mass. The full-scale dynamic Touch-and-Go spacecraft emulator consists of a 2200kg mass on a frictionless, planar air bearing system, 14 horizontal air thrusters providing 3 degree-of-freedom motion, onboard computing for motion control, and an off-board motion capture system providing localization. This robotic testbed can approach a simulated comet surface in a controlled fashion to validate the BiBlade TAG performance in nominal and offnominal approach velocity scenarios. Following TAG, sample transfer, volume verification, and storage is performed.	[Moreland, Scott Jared; Backes, Paul G.; Badescu, Mircea; Riccobono, Dario; Mongelli, Marco; Vieira, Peter; Brinkman, Alex; Toda, Risaku] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Rehnmark, Fredrick; Wei, Robert; Adams, Grayson; Cervantes, William; Zacny, Kris] Honeybee Robot, 398 W Washington Blvd 200, Pasadena, CA 91103 USA	Moreland, SJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	scott.j.moreland@jpl.nasa.gov; zacny@honeybee.com			National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research described in this publication was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The work was performed as part of a task in the NASA Maturation of Instruments for Solar System Exploration program.		13	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													9	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397404028					2020-09-09	
S	Mukherjee, R; Abcouwer, N; Brinkman, A; Chamberlain-Simon, B; Dolci, M; Emanuel, B; Gross, J; Jones, L; Kim, J; Mayo, J; Ohta, P; Sanigepalli, S; Shen, V; Smith, R; Ubellacker, W; Wehage, K			IEEE	Mukherjee, Rudranarayan; Abcouwer, Neil; Brinkman, Alex; Chamberlain-Simon, Brendan; Dolci, Marco; Emanuel, Blair; Gross, Johannes; Jones, Lewis; Kim, Junggon; Mayo, John; Ohta, Preston; Sanigepalli, SaiAdiVishnu; Shen, Vivian; Smith, Russell; Ubellacker, Wyatt; Wehage, Kristopher			Testbeds and Technologies for Potential Mars Orbital Sample Capture and Manipulation	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Potential future Mars Sample Return (MSR) missions could collect planetary samples and launch them into Mars orbit; in a follow-on mission, a spacecraft could rendezvous with the orbital sample (OS) to return the samples to Earth. Due to planetary protection requirements and the need to position the OS in a preferred orientation for Earth re-entry, the rendezvous phase would present a number of technical challenges. To address these challenges, this paper presents a new end-to-end testbed elements demonstrating new technologies for 1. capture of the OS within the spacecraft, 2. orientation of the OS, and 3. stowage of the OS to a Primary Containment Vessel (PCV) and internal transfer of the PCV within the spacecraft to an Earth Return Module (ERM). The end-to-end testbed consists of a 3 DOF planar robotic arm, a capture cone volume, two interchangeable orientation mechanisms, and two interchangeable internal transfer mechanisms. To simulate zero gravity during the capture stage, a cyber-physical approach is used here that fuses simulation, hardware, and autonomy elements. During the capture stage, contact dynamics of the OS with the capture cone and robotic arm end-effector is simulated using high-fidelity multibody dynamics simulation software in-the-loop. The output of the simulation is used to control the state of the physical OS in real-time using a 3 DOF robotic gantry. Additionally, the end-effector of the robotic arm is equipped with a force-torque sensor and camera to detect contact and track the OS. In the second stage, two novel mechanisms demonstrate successful orientation of the OS. In the first orientation mechanism, wipers sweep the surface of a spherical OS to engage a positive feature, thereby manipulating the OS into a preferential orientation. In the second orientation mechanism, two sets of cups selectively engage and rotate a spherical OS about two orthogonal axes; the mechanism can be operated autonomously using computer vision or interactively with a human operator in-the-loop. Finally, in the third stage, two novel mechanisms demonstrate successful internal transfer of the OS within the spacecraft volume. The internal transfer motion requires 3 DOF (rotation, translation and release of the OS). In the first internal transfer mechanism, each DOF is independently controlled using three actuators. In the second internal transfer mechanism, the 3DOF are coupled mechanically using a single actuator.	[Mukherjee, Rudranarayan; Abcouwer, Neil; Brinkman, Alex; Chamberlain-Simon, Brendan; Dolci, Marco; Emanuel, Blair; Gross, Johannes; Jones, Lewis; Kim, Junggon; Mayo, John; Ohta, Preston; Sanigepalli, SaiAdiVishnu; Shen, Vivian; Smith, Russell; Ubellacker, Wyatt; Wehage, Kristopher] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Mukherjee, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Rudranarayan.M.Mukherjee@jpl.nasa.gov; Neil.Abcouwer@jpl.nasa.gov; Alex.Brinkman@jpl.nasa.gov; Brendan.Chamberlain-Simon@jpl.nasa.gov; MarcoDolci@jpl.nasa.gov; Blair.Emanuel@jpl.nasa.gov; Johannes.Gross@jpl.nasa.gov; Lewis.Jones@jpl.nasa.gov; Junggon.Kim@jpl.nasa.gov; John.Mayo@jpl.nasa.gov; Preston.Ohta@jpl.nasa.gov; SaiAdiVishnu.Sanigepalli@jpl.nasa.gov; Vivian.Shen@jpl.nasa.gov; Russell.Smith@jpl.nasa.gov; Wyatt.Ubellacker@jpl.nasa.gov; Kristopher.Wehage@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); U.S. Government	The research described in this publication was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Copyright 2016 California Institute of Technology. U.S. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		4	0	0	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													10	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397404041					2020-09-09	
S	Nikora, A; Srivastava, P; Fesq, L; Chung, S; Kolcio, K			IEEE	Nikora, Allen; Srivastava, Priyanka; Fesq, Lorraine; Chung, Seung; Kolcio, Ksenia			Assurance of Model-Based Fault Diagnosis	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Autonomy is an increasingly important technology for robotic scientific and commercial spacecraft. An important motivation for developing onboard autonomy is to enable quick response to dynamic environment and situations, including fault conditions that a spacecraft may encounter. The reliability of such autonomous capabilities depends on the quality of their knowledge of a spacecraft's health state. Model-based approaches to fault management, i.e. model-based fault diagnosis (MBFD), is one approach to continuously verify correct behavior in addition to diagnosing symptoms to estimate the spacecraft's health state. The proper functioning of MBFD is dependent on 1) the quality of the model that is analyzed and compared to the outputs of onboard sensors to estimate the system's health state, and 2) the correct functioning of the diagnosis engine that interrogates the model and compares its analysis to observed system behavior. We are currently developing Verification and Validation (V&V) approaches to provide the necessary confidence that MBFD systems are correctly estimating the health of on-board spacecraft components and systems. Our work is intended to narrow the gap between the rapidly maturing field of Model-Based System Engineering (including MBFD) and the less-well understood area of identifying and applying appropriate V&V techniques to MBFD. Our effort is investigating three areas: 1) developing V&V techniques for the diagnostic model, 2) developing V&V techniques for the diagnostic engine in isolation, and 3) developing V&V techniques for the diagnostic engine and model in combination. This paper describes the work we have completed in the first area. We describe our approach to selecting a system to be represented by a model, the approach to modeling the system, the verification approach we developed for the model, and the results of the verification activity. We conclude with a description of the work remaining in the last two areas, which will be addressed over the next two years.	[Nikora, Allen; Srivastava, Priyanka; Fesq, Lorraine; Chung, Seung] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Kolcio, Ksenia] Okean Solut Inc, 1463 East Republican St,32A, Seattle, WA 98112 USA	Nikora, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Allen.P.Nikora@jpl.nasa.gov; Priyanka.Srivastava@jpl.nasa.gov; Lorraine.M.Fesq@jpl.nasa.gov; Seung.H.Chung@jpl.nasa.gov; ksenia@okeansolutions.com			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); internal Research and Technology Development program; Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) Phase II contract with JPL	Part of the research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and funded through the internal Research and Technology Development program. The development of MONSID was funded under a Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) Phase II contract with JPL.		21	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													14	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397401079					2020-09-09	
S	O'Farrell, C; Karlgaard, C; Tynis, JA; Clark, IG			IEEE	O'Farrell, Clara; Karlgaard, Chris; Tynis, Jake A.; Clark, Ian G.			Overview and Reconstruction of the ASPIRE Project's SR01 Supersonic Parachute Test	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				The Advanced Supersonic Parachute Inflation Research Experiments (ASPIRE) project is aimed at developing and exercising a capability for testing supersonic parachutes at Mars-relevant conditions. The initial flights for ASPIRE are targeted as a risk-reduction activity for NASA's upcoming Mars2020 mission. For this effort, two candidate Disk-Gap-Band (DGB) parachute designs are being tested at Mach number and dynamic pressure conditions relevant to Mars2020. The two parachutes under investigation are a build-to-print version of the DGB used by the Mars Science Laboratory and a strengthened version of this parachute that has the same geometry but differs in materials and construction. Starting in the fall of 2017, the parachutes are being tested at deployment conditions representative of flight at Mars by sounding rockets launched out of NASA's Wallops Flight Facility (WFF). The first flight test (SR01) of the build-to-print parachute took place on October 4, 2017. During that test, a Terrier-Black Brant sounding rocket delivered a payload containing the parachute pack, the deployment mortar, and the ASPIRE instrumentation suite to a peak altitude of 51 km. As the payload descended back down, an on-board computer calculated an estimate of the dynamic pressure and triggered deployment of the parachute once the targeted test condition was reached. At a Mach number of 1.77 and a dynamic pressure of 453 Pa, the 21.35-m parachute was deployed. The parachute deployed and inflated successfully, producing a peak measured load of 30.95 klbf. The onboard instrumentation suite included a GLN-MAC IMU, a GPS unit, a C-band transponder for radar tracking, three load pins at the parachute triple bridles, and three high-speed/high-resolution cameras trained on the canopy during inflation. In addition, the atmospheric conditions at the time of flight were characterized by means of high-altitude meteorological balloons carrying radiosondes. These data allowed the reconstruction of the test conditions, parachute loads, and parachute aerodynamic performance in flight. The imagery from the onboard cameras will allow the reconstruction of the three-dimensional geometry of the canopy during inflation. This paper describes the SR01 flight test and provides an overview of flight operations, the data acquired during testing, the techniques used for post-flight reconstruction, and the reconstructed performance of the test vehicle and parachute system.	[O'Farrell, Clara; Clark, Ian G.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Karlgaard, Chris; Tynis, Jake A.] AMA Inc, NASA, Langley Res Ctr, Hampton, VA 23681 USA	O'Farrell, C (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Clara.O'Farrell@jpl.nasa.gov; Chris.Karlgaard-1@nasa.gov; Jake.A.Tynis@nasa.gov; Ian.G.Clark@jpl.nasa.gov						18	1	1	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													18	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397401035					2020-09-09	
S	Oaida, BV; Lewis, K; Ferguson, E; Day, J; Mccoy, K			IEEE	Oaida, Bogdan V.; Lewis, Kari; Ferguson, Eric; Day, John; Mccoy, Kelli			A Statistical Approach to Payload Energy Management for NASA's Europa Clipper Mission	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Constraining and managing energy for spacecraft and their payloads has often posed a challenge for systems engineers, since, by its very definition, energy has two dimensions, time and power, and thus changes can occur along either or both axes at any point in time. The challenge is even greater for missions which have highly dynamic power generation and consumption profiles, and harder still for those which also have a multitude of instruments with unique, episodic, observation profiles. Indeed, that is the very challenge faced by the systems engineers on the Europa Clipper project and its ten instruments. Past solutions to such problems have relied on a variety of metrics: average or maximum energy utilization, peak power utilization, a worse case energy balance, battery state of charge, and many others. In this paper, we will describe why none of the previous approaches were found to be sufficiently suitable and why that led to a novel approach which defines a representative energy usage in statistical terms. This resulted from the need to concurrently satisfy five separate criteria: 1) the payload allocation must be used to size the spacecraft power generation and storage system; 2) the payload allocation must be suballocated to each instrument; 3) instruments must be able to verify and report against their allocations without the need to run observation profile simulations; 4) the payload allocation must be based on the Europa Clipper Design Reference Mission; 5) allocations must be reasonably immune to variations in future tour designs. While the need to meet each of these criteria may seem obvious, ensuring that a single metric can satisfy all five simultaneously is not. In addition to describing the method and the thinking behind it, the paper will also show how it was applied to the Europa Clipper project, with a focus on the payload, and how it successfully met all the criteria in the presence of changing observation profiles and tour designs.	[Oaida, Bogdan V.; Lewis, Kari; Ferguson, Eric; Day, John; Mccoy, Kelli] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Oaida, BV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	bogdan@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		5	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													12	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403027					2020-09-09	
S	Pesce, V; Agha-mohammadi, AA; Lavagna, M			IEEE	Pesce, Vincenzo; Agha-mohammadi, Ali-akbar; Lavagna, Michele			Autonomous Navigation & Mapping of Small Bodies	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE			MARKOV-PROCESSES	Autonomous mapping and navigation around unknown small bodies is a challenging problem. In to-days missions, small body mapping and navigation (SBMN) require significant human intervention on the ground for map refinement and supervision of the navigation and orbit selection process. Although current methodologies adequately performed in past missions (e.g., Rosetta, Hayabusa, Deep Space), they are not suitable for applications requiring a high level of autonomy. This work proposes a method for autonomous orbit selection and adaptation around a small body while mapping its surface. In particular, in this work, we will develop cost functions that quantify the orbit goodness in the sense of map improvement. In other words, we develop quantitative measures that characterize the accuracy of the small body map and use these measures in an optimization process to compute the next best orbit that maximally contributes to the map enhancement. The proposed framework reduces the human involvement in this process and takes a step toward the fully autonomous mapping and navigation around small bodies.	[Pesce, Vincenzo; Lavagna, Michele] Politecn Milan, Via Masa 34, I-20156 Milan, Italy; [Agha-mohammadi, Ali-akbar] CALTECH, JPL, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Pesce, V (corresponding author), Politecn Milan, Via Masa 34, I-20156 Milan, Italy.	vincenzo.pesce@polimi.it; aliakbar.aghamohammadi@jpl.nasa.gov; michelle.lavagna@polimi.it	Pesce, Vincenzo/AAD-4346-2019	Pesce, Vincenzo/0000-0001-8482-9585	National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was partially carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		20	2	3	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													10	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397404024					2020-09-09	
S	Pugh, M; Kuperman, I; Kobayashi, M; Aguirre, F; Kilzer, M; Spurgers, C			IEEE	Pugh, Michael; Kuperman, Igor; Kobayashi, Michael; Aguirre, Fernando; Kilzer, Michael; Spurgers, Carl			High-Rate Ka-Band Modulator for the NISAR Mission	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				In order to meet ever-increasing data return requirements, more satellites are using the near-Earth Ka-band (25.5 - 27.0 GHz) to achieve higher downlink rates. The paper discusses the Universal Space Transponder - Ka-band Modulator (UST-KaM) developed at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory for the NASA-ISRO SAR (NISAR) mission, which is capable of transmitting up to 1.74 Gbps with 7/8 LDPC encoding. The UST-KaM utilizes OQPSK with both baseband and RF filtering to contain the 1 Gsps transmission spectrum within the 1.5 GHz Ka-band, even with the use of an external, saturated amplifier. Due to the high data rates involved, several technical hurdles were overcome in both the digital and RF designs. The UST-KaM is a software defined radio with two digital circuit board assemblies: a low speed housekeeper board for commanding and telemetry, and a high-rate signal processing board known as the Signal Processing Module (SPM). The SPM receives data from the spacecraft via a SERDES interface at up to 2 Gbps, processes and encodes the data using a Xilinx Virtex-5 FPGA, and produces 1 Gsps OQPSK I and Q waveforms via synchronized, multiplexed DACs. The RF Electronics in the UST-KaM employ a heterodyne architecture in which the I/Q digital waveforms are filtered and then up-converted using a sub-harmonic IQ mixer. The LO of the converter, which is included in the exciter assembly, is at 13.125GHz, and the RF output is a 26.25GHz carrier which is modulated with the OQPSK waveforms. The output of the mixer is then filtered using low loss quartz thin-film edge coupled Chebyshev filters and amplified through a series of low gain Ka-Band amplifiers. The exciter assembly also has a 2GHz, low-phase-noise, PLL synthesizer to supply the clock to the DACs for the high rate digital waveforms.	[Pugh, Michael; Kuperman, Igor; Kobayashi, Michael; Aguirre, Fernando; Kilzer, Michael; Spurgers, Carl] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Pugh, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Michael.P.Pugh@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research described in this paper was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		6	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													13	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397400080					2020-09-09	
S	Quadrelli, MB; Arumugam, D			IEEE	Quadrelli, Marco B.; Arumugam, Darmindra			Dynamics and Control of Microwave Granular Imager	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE			PLANE-WAVE; SCATTERING	Granular media in space can be used in the radar and microwave bands to enable imaging of previously inaccessible regions of targets with high geophysical variations with time, such as comets. The means of imaging, which includes a re-direction of energy, can permit higher resolution imaging as well. Applications include both tomographic and topographic radar imaging. The effect of the granular media cloud geometry plays a significant role in the scattering process. In addition, the spatial randomness effects the beam collimation and can have a positive effect on the imaging qualities in terms of effective aperture, coverage, and resolution of the radar techniques.	[Quadrelli, Marco B.; Arumugam, Darmindra] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Quadrelli, MB (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	marco.b.quadrelli@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space Administration - NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC) program [14-14NIAC-II-0008]	(C) 2017 California Institute of Technology. Government sponsorship acknowledged. This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration funded by the NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts (NIAC) program under contract 14-14NIAC-II-0008 (Orbiting Rainbows, Phase II).		27	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													10	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397401050					2020-09-09	
S	Serabyn, E; Liewer, K; Wallace, K			IEEE	Serabyn, Eugene; Liewer, Kurt; Wallace, Kent			Lensless digital holographic microscopy as a means to search for life in the solar system	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE			COMPACT	To search for extant life on distant solar system bodies such as the ocean-bearing moons Europa and Enceladus, or on the ice caps of Mars, a compact and robust microscope capable of carrying out rapid volume searches is of great interest. One technique well suited to 3-d volume searches is digital holographic microscopy, in which a coherent reference beam is combined with the light scattered by the particulates and/or microbes present in a sample volume to produce an interference pattern (the hologram) on a detector array. As the detected hologram encodes both the amplitude and phase of the scattered field on the detector plane, the electric field at any plane within the sample volume can be reconstructed by numerically propagating the field information contained in the measured hologram, thereby eliminating the need for any mechanical focusing elements. In fact, digital holographic microscopy has several advantages, including instantaneous 3-d volume imaging, high spatial resolution, large depth of field, large field of view, and intrinsic data compression due to the encoding of the entire volume into a 2-d hologram. Moreover, rapid readout can also enable the tracking of particle motions, which can aid in discriminating between inert particulates and living cells. With no need for mechanical focusing, digital holographic microscopes allow for robust and stable designs. In particular, very promising off-axis digital holographic microscope (DHM) designs include both the "common-mode" DHM, and the "lensless" DHM. A common mode DHM has recently performed very well in the field, with reliable performance and sub-micron resolution. On the other hand, the lensless DHM configuration holds the promise of minimal instrument volume and mass, as the optical system can consist of no more than a pair of coherent high-numerical-aperture single-mode light sources that expand through a sample volume to a detector array. Even this simple configuration has been recently shown to be capable of providing a resolution of just under a micron. Moreover, in some lensless DHM configurations, very large fields of view can also be provided. This paper describes the imaging capabilities of lensless digital holographic microscope configurations, both in theory and in practice.	[Serabyn, Eugene; Liewer, Kurt; Wallace, Kent] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Serabyn, E (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Gene.Serabyn@jpl.nasa.gov	Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020		Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	We thank the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, as well as Chris Lindensmith, Jay Nadeau, and Stephanie Rider. Part of this work was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with NASA.		12	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													6	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403077					2020-09-09	
S	Sharma, P; Doubleday, JR; Shaffer, S			IEEE	Sharma, Priyanka; Doubleday, Joshua R.; Shaffer, Scott			Instrument Commissioning timeline for NASA-ISRO Synthetic Aperture Radar (NISAR)	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				The NASA-ISRO Synthetic Aperture Radar (NISAR) is a joint collaboration between NASA and India's national space agency, the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO). This Earth-orbiting radar mission, which will be launched from Sriharikota (India) in December 2021 in a nearpolar, sun-synchronous orbit, is designed to systematically and globally study solid Earth, ice masses, and ecosystems. Following NISAR' s launch, the first 90 days will be dedicated to performing 'in-orbit checkout', or the 'commissioning' period, during which there will be a step-by-step buildup in capability to full observatory operations. Activities performed during commissioning will be aimed at demonstrating the full functionality of the radar instruments (L-band and S-band), the reflector antenna, spacecraft and flight systems, characterizing and confirming their nominal performance within specifications. All ground systems and infrastructure, including Ground Data Systems (GDS), Science Data Systems (SDS) and Mission Operations Systems (MOS), as well as the compatibility of all system interfaces, will be tested and validated. Calibration strategies for monitoring instrument stability will be tested during initial instrument calibrations. The scheduling of these initial instrument calibration activities takes into account factors like the satellite orbit and attitude after launch, requirements on specific instrument configurations for operation, required ground targets and the corresponding number and frequency of overflight times during a satellite repeat cycle (12 days). A timeline for NISAR instrument checkout that takes into account these factors and constraints is presented in this paper.	[Sharma, Priyanka; Doubleday, Joshua R.; Shaffer, Scott] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Sharma, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Priyanka.Sharma@jpl.nasa.gov; Joshua.R.Doubleday@jpl.nasa.gov; Scott.J.Shaffer@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The authors acknowledge all the members of the NISAR team that contributed to the study. The work described in this paper was carried out in part at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. 2018 California Institute of Technology. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		11	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													13	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397401027					2020-09-09	
S	Shishko, R; Price, H; Wilcox, B; Stoica, A; Howe, S; Elliott, J			IEEE	Shishko, Robert; Price, Humphrey; Wilcox, Brian; Stoica, Adrian; Howe, Scott; Elliott, John			An Affordable Lunar Architecture Emphasizing Commercial and International Partnering Opportunities	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Since the cancellation of the Constellation Program, NASA officially has been focused on Mars as the next step for human exploration. Yet many in the space community believe that returning humans to the moon is more logical. Often-cited reasons for this include: (1) should Nature prove to be favorable, the moon could be the basis for expanding the space economy through Off-Earth Mining (OEM) and other commercial endeavors; (2) the moon is scientifically interesting and could serve as a platform for scientific facilities; and (3) useful experience could be gained there for the human journey to Mars. With this in mind, JPL's A-Team (Architecture Team) was tasked with developing conceptual lunar surface architectures that could simultaneously provide "living on another world" proving ground experience, but would also be affordable and offer truly significant commercial and international partnering opportunities. The task also required that the resulting architectures must eventually lead to and flow seamlessly into planning for human missions to Mars in the 2030s/2040s, if "things go well." This aspect has been critically missing in other lunar architecture proposals. For continued NASA investment in any future human exploration architecture, affordability is a political imperative. This translates into managing the magnitude of the public investment by NASA in lunar infrastructure while doing those things that governments can do to stimulate new economic opportunities there. The menu of such potential strategic investments include: (1) engaging in science and exploration (e.g., Lewis and Clark); (2) reducing economic risks and resolving some technical uncertainties to create tipping points and real options for space entrepreneurs; (3) performing R&D/DDT&E and first buys of basic systems/services; (4) building public (lunar) infrastructure (e.g., roads, navigation aids, basic communications, logistics nodes, operational knowledge/de-confliction); and (5) acting as an anchor tenant. While incorporating these strategic elements into the architecture development as a way to encourage private sector development of the space economy and international partner contributions, the A-Team also recognized that both off-ramps and on-ramps (and periodic decision points) were needed to ensure that public goals for human space exploration were being met. Key questions might include: (1) are private investors coming on board; and (2) are we ready to go to Mars? In this paper, we present and describe the A-Team's lunar architecture that meets the requirements set out above using a high-level system-of-systems architectural view, which we call a "dance card." We then process the information in the dance card into an affordability view, commonly called a "sand chart." The method and model used for this is described in some detail, along with the sources of data. Lastly, we discuss the extensive commercial opportunities, which include in situ resource utilization (ISRU), cargo logistics, tourism, utilities for lunar activities, and construction, as well as the international partner contribution opportunities embodied within the architecture. We also review the viability of these commercial opportunities based on previous research.	[Shishko, Robert; Price, Humphrey; Wilcox, Brian; Stoica, Adrian; Howe, Scott; Elliott, John] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Shishko, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	robert.shishko@jpl.nasa.gov; humphrey.w.price@jpl.nasa.gov; brian.h.wilcox@jpl.nasa.gov; adrian.stoica@jpl.nasa.gov; scott.howe@jpl.nasa.gov; john.o.elliott@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). (c) California Institute of Technology. Government sponsorship is acknowledged. The authors are solely responsible for the content of this paper.		14	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													16	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397400055					2020-09-09	
S	Smrekar, S; Hensley, S; Wallace, MS; Lisano, ME; Darrach, MR; Sotin, C; Lehman, D; Dyar, MD; Helbert, J			IEEE	Smrekar, Suzanne; Hensley, Scott; Wallace, Mark S.; Lisano, Michael E.; Darrach, Murray R.; Sotin, Christophe; Lehman, David; Dyar, M. Darby; Helbert, Joern			Venus Origins Explorer (VOX) Concept: A Proposed New Frontiers Mission	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE			VIRTIS EMISSIVITY; NOBLE-GASES; SURFACE; EXPRESS	Of all known planets and moons in the galaxy, Venus remains the most Earth-like in terms of size, composition, surface age, and distance from the Sun [1]. Although not currently habitable, Venus lies within the Sun's `Goldilocks zone', and may have been habitable before Earth [2]. What caused Venus to follow a divergent path to its present hostile environment, devoid of oceans, magnetic field, and plate tectonics that have enabled Earth's long-term habitability? The proposed Venus Origins Explorer (VOX) would determine how the evolution of Earth's twin diverged, and enable breakthroughs in our understanding of terrestrial planet evolution and habitability in our own solar system - and others. The VOX mission concept consists of two flight elements: 1) an Atmosphere Sampling Vehicle (ASV), and 2) an Orbiter that accommodates the ASV and also provides global reconnaissance of Venus using just two instruments and a gravity science investigation. The ASV would be released shortly after Venus Orbit Insertion and dips into the well-mixed atmosphere at 112 km. It delivers an in situ atmospheric sample to the Venus Original Constituents Experiment (VOCE) to measure noble gases, revealing the source and evolution of Venus' volatiles. The Orbiter uses the Venus Emissivity Mapper (VEM) to map global surface mineralogy and search for active or recent volcanism. Venus Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar (VISAR) generates long-awaited high-resolution imaging and digital elevation models, and possible deformation maps with repeat-pass interferometry, a new tool for planetary science. Ka-band tracking increases the gravity field resolution, enabling global elastic thickness estimates. Using a low risk implementation and just three instruments plus gravity science, VOX conducts a comprehensive global investigation of Venus' dynamic surface. As described below, VOX meets and exceeds the science objectives prescribed in the National Academy of Sciences most recent Planetary Science Decadal Survey. VOX is the logical next mission to Venus because it: 1) addresses top priority atmosphere, surface, and interior science objectives; 2) produces key global datasets to enable comparative planetology; 3) provides high-resolution global topography, composition, and imaging necessary to optimize future landed missions; 4) creates opportunities for revolutionary discoveries and observations of ongoing Venus geological activity, over a three-year period from an orbital platform plus an in situ atmospheric sampling vehicle; and 5) fuels the next generation of scientists by providing 44 Tb of science data. Additionally, VOX offers NASA the ability to select and fly small sats at Venus by providing relay and the ability to trade aerobraking duration for additional mass capability.	[Smrekar, Suzanne; Hensley, Scott; Wallace, Mark S.; Lisano, Michael E.; Darrach, Murray R.; Sotin, Christophe; Lehman, David] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Dyar, M. Darby] Planetary Sci Inst, 1700 East Ft Lowell,Suite 106, Tucson, AZ 85719 USA; [Helbert, Joern] DLR, Inst Planetary Res, Rutherfordstr 2, D-12489 Berlin, Germany	Smrekar, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	ssmrekar@jpl.nasa.gov	Smrekar, Suzanne/AAH-8074-2020					44	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													18	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397402055					2020-09-09	
S	Solish, B; White, L			IEEE	Solish, Benjamin; White, Lauren			Verification & Validation on OCO-3: A case study of V&V for ISS missions	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				The Orbiting Carbon Observatory-3 (000-3) payload will complete final Assembly Integration and Test operations in early 2018. Concurrently, the payload will undergo a suite of Verification and Validation (V&V) activities in order to demonstrate that the payload has met the project requirements. These activities will also demonstrate launch readiness and ultimately mission readiness to quantify variations in the column averaged atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2) dry air mole fraction, XCO2 from the International Space Station (ISS). Operating from the ISS has its own set of advantages and challenges. One of the aspects of operating on the ISS includes going through a distinctive verification and validation process unique to ISS payloads. This process includes the use of the National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) Verification of Engineering Requirements - Interface for Tracking, Approval and Submission (VERITAS) system to facilitate multiple center interactions and review of interface requirements. In this paper we will discuss how the OCO-3 V&V Program architecture interfaced with the ISS payload interface V&V program to show that the mission requirements were met.	[Solish, Benjamin; White, Lauren] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Solish, B (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Benjamin.S.Solish@jpl.nasa.gov; Lauren.Spencer@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This work was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		3	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													5	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403025					2020-09-09	
S	Stephens, SK			IEEE	Stephens, Stuart K.			Juno at Jupiter: The Mission and Its Path to Unveiling Secrets of the History of the Solar System	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				The Juno mission is described, focusing on its orbits at Jupiter, how the plan evolved, and science return so far. Juno is a NASA New Frontiers spacecraft in a near-polar highly elliptical 53-day orbit at Jupiter. Since arrival in July 2016, it has used 9 science investigations to study the planet's atmospheric composition and structure, magnetic and gravity fields, and polar and extended magnetosphere. A radiation monitoring investigation contributes to our understanding of Jupiter's environment. Juno's primary science goal is to understand the origin and evolution of Jupiter, to shed light on how the Earth and other planets formed. Baseline objectives will be satisfied with 32 science orbits, a spin-stabilized solar powered spacecraft, an electronics vault for radiation shielding, and a robust payload with microwave receivers, X-and Ka-band radio science hardware, vector magnetometers, high-and low-energy charged particle detectors, radio and plasma wave antennas, UV and IR spectroscopic imagers, and a visible light camera for public outreach. Observations are made in a limited number of orientations, including Gravity Science (spin axis and main antenna pointing to Earth), and microwave atmospheric sounding (spin plane passing through Jupiter's center). Prime science data are collected near closest approach (perijove), plus calibrations, occasional remote sensing, and continued magnetospheric observations in the outer parts of the orbit. Juno's mission plan has evolved since the 2005 proposal due to design and ops choices, e.g., mission design (cruise or early orbital trajectory), orbit period (11, 14, then 53 days), perijove attitudes (2 or more), and DSN coverage (34- and 70-m stations). Choices were partly motivated by the effect on science return. Selected preliminary science results are summarized, including the benefits of decisions as the plan evolved. Juno has begun to unveil Jupiter - peeling apart its interior by measuring gravity and magnetic fields, using microwaves to probe its atmosphere down to 100s of km, exploring its polar and extended magnetosphere, and imaging the poles for the first time. In doing so, it is revealing secrets of the history of the Earth and solar system.	[Stephens, Stuart K.] CALTECH, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91009 USA	Stephens, SK (corresponding author), CALTECH, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91009 USA.	stuart.k.stephens@jpl.nasa.gov						20	0	0	2	4	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													19	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397400084					2020-09-09	
S	Sturm, EJ			IEEE	Sturm, Erick J., II			Cassini's Grand Finale: A Mission Planning Retrospective	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				On September 15, 2017, Cassini plunged deep into Saturn, down to where the atmosphere was sufficiently dense to destroy the spacecraft, making it part of Saturn forever. In the five months leading up to its destruction, Cassini flew between Saturn and its rings 22 times, collecting data from the never-before-explored region of the Kronian system. These orbits, the Grand Finale of Cassini, were the culmination of years of planning by the Cassini flight team. This paper looks back upon the mission planning effort in particular, comparing the baseline operational scenarios and contingency plans to the as-flown Grand Finale. The bulk of the Grand Finale mission planning effort was focused on the environmental hazards present in the region between Saturn and its rings: the dust and the atmosphere. Dust hazard and atmospheric transit contingency plans were in place to help ensure spacecraft health and maximize science data return. The dust hazard plan gave the operations team the option to turn the spacecraft to a safe attitude during ring-plane crossings had the dust environment proved more threatening than anticipated. The atmospheric transit plan would have made use of an orbital trim maneuver in order to raise or lower periapsis depending on the density of the atmosphere. The proximal environment did have its surprises, though they were good surprises. The dust was significantly less hazardous than predicted. So much so that elements of the contingency plan were leveraged in order to remove a dust hazard protection from the baseline plan, rather than add one to it. While the atmosphere was substantially denser than predicted, it was not dense enough to warrant a periapsis-raise maneuver and actually meant that better in-situ data was gathered. Ultimately, from a mission planning perspective, the Grand Finale went better than expected.	[Sturm, Erick J., II] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Sturm, EJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Erick.J.Sturm@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This work was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		6	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													6	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403002					2020-09-09	
S	Tanner, CL; Clark, IG; Chen, A			IEEE	Tanner, Christopher L.; Clark, Ian G.; Chen, Allen			Overview of the Mars 2020 Parachute Risk Reduction Activity	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				In 2012, the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) landed safely on the surface of Mars using a supersonic Disk-Gap-Band (DGB) parachute, which was structurally qualified for flight via a subsonic wind tunnel test program. Results of the Low-Density Supersonic Decelerators (LDSD) program have called into question the methodology and principles that form the foundation of the MSL subsonic test program. LDSD discovered that quasi-static subsonic proof loading a parachute via ground testing may not provide canopy stresses that sufficiently bound the stresses experienced during a rapid supersonic inflation at Mars. Additionally, deeper scrutiny of the materials and structural margins present in previously successful supersonic DGBs indicated that the MSL parachute flew with lowest margins of any previous parachute. These factors have increased the perceived risk of reusing a heritage MSL DGB parachute design with a subsonic test program for Mars 2020. To reduce this risk, a series of risk reduction steps were initiated starting in 2016. First, two parachute assemblies have been pursued in parallel: a Build-to-Print (BTP) MSL parachute, designed and manufactured by Pioneer Aerospace Corporation, which maintains the heritage of the successful MSL parachute, and a strengthened parachute, designed and manufactured by Airborne Systems North America, which uses higher strength materials throughout the parachute assembly but maintains the same overall size as the MSL parachute. Second, each parachute system was tested in a subsonic wind tunnel to examine the canopies in their fully inflated state and assess the workmanship of each canopy. Finally, full-scale parachutes from each vendor will experience at least one supersonic inflation at Marsrelevant Mach numbers and atmospheric densities at Earth via a supersonic sounding rocket test campaign. This paper presents high-level details regarding the risk reduction strategy, the two candidate parachute configurations, the ground test program, and the supersonic flight test program, and brief results from each of the test programs.	[Tanner, Christopher L.; Clark, Ian G.; Chen, Allen] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Tanner, CL (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	christopher.l.tanner@jpl.nasa.gov; ian.g.clark@jpl.nasa.gov; allen.chen@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The work described in this paper was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		12	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													11	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403043					2020-09-09	
S	Toda, R; Moreland, S; Badescu, M; Backes, P; Arutyunov, V; Tims, J; Scott, V; Manohara, H			IEEE	Toda, Risaku; Moreland, Scott; Badescu, Mircea; Backes, Paul; Arutyunov, Vladimir; Tims, Jacob; Scott, Valerie; Manohara, Harish			Development and Validation of Fiberscope Sample Imaging System for In-situ Sample Assessment	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Fiberscope Sample Imaging System (FiSI) is a sample verification system developed for a potential comet surface sample return mission. This paper describes recent development and validation of the FiSI system. The illumination design is revised to enhance imaging robustness for dusty sample observation. The comet sample object area is illuminated by ten bundles of illumination fibers that are separated from the imaging fiberscopes. Two LED illumination sources provide switchable sample illumination that can be individually adjusted for different sample conditions. The FiSI fiberscope was validated in an environmental chamber for a wide temperature range of -170 degrees C to +70 degrees C. Moreover, the FiSI prototype was tested on a parabolic aircraft flight to validate operation in simulated microgravity. During 60 parabolic maneuvers, the FiSI system operated flawlessly and obtained images of different types and quantities of samples including dusty comet sample simulants. The FiSI prototype was successfully demonstrated in a relevant thermal and microgravity environment and it is now validated to TRL 6.	[Toda, Risaku; Moreland, Scott; Badescu, Mircea; Backes, Paul; Arutyunov, Vladimir; Tims, Jacob; Scott, Valerie; Manohara, Harish] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Toda, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Risaku.Toda@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The FiSI hardware was developed as part of a task in the NASA Maturation of Instruments for Solar System Exploration program. The authors would like to thank NASA Flight Opportunities Program for the support and guidance for the microgravity flight. The authors also would like to thank Mr. Todd Johnson and Mr. Sandy Stark of Fiberoptic Systems Inc., Simi Valley CA for their contribution in fiberscope design and fabrication. This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													10	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397402086					2020-09-09	
S	Toupet, O; Biesiadecki, J; Rankin, A; Steffy, A; Meirion-Griffith, G; Levine, D; Schadegg, M; Maimone, M			IEEE	Toupet, Olivier; Biesiadecki, Jeffrey; Rankin, Arturo; Steffy, Amanda; Meirion-Griffith, Gareth; Levine, Dan; Schadegg, Maximilian; Maimone, Mark			Traction Control Design and Integration Onboard the Mars Science Laboratory Curiosity Rover	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				The Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) Curiosity rover experienced increasing wheel damage beginning in October 2013. While the wheels were designed to operate with considerable damage, the rate at which damage was occurring was unexpected and raised concerns regarding wheel lifetime. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) has now developed and deployed new software on Curiosity that reduces the forces acting on the wheels. Our new Traction Control algorithm adapts each wheel's speed to fit the terrain it drives over. It does not rely on any a priori knowledge of the terrain, and instead leverages the rover's measured attitude rates and suspension angles, together with a rigid-body kinematics model, to estimate the real-time wheel-terrain contact angles and ideal, no-slip wheel angular rates. In addition, free-floating "wheelies" are detected and autonomously corrected. In this paper, we describe the algorithm, its ground testing campaign and associated challenges, and finally its validation and performance in flight. Ground test data demonstrates reductions in the forces acting on the wheels and validates the wheelie-damping capability. Secondary benefits in some terrains include a reduction in heading deviations while climbing rocks, with a reduction in slip in certain sandy terrains. Preliminary validation from flight data confirms these findings.	[Toupet, Olivier; Biesiadecki, Jeffrey; Rankin, Arturo; Steffy, Amanda; Meirion-Griffith, Gareth; Levine, Dan; Schadegg, Maximilian; Maimone, Mark] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Toupet, O (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	olivier.toupet@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); Mars Science Laboratory Program	The research described in this paper was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The authors would like to thank the Mars Science Laboratory Program for supporting this research.		10	2	2	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													20	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403081					2020-09-09	
S	Vaze, P; Kaki, S; Limonadi, D; Esteban-Fernandez, D; Zohar, G			IEEE	Vaze, Parag; Kaki, Said; Limonadi, Daniel; Esteban-Fernandez, Daniel; Zohar, Guy			The Surface Water and Ocean Topography Mission	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				The Surface Water and Ocean Topography SWOT mission is a partnership between two communities, physical oceanography and hydrology, to share high vertical accuracy and high spatial resolution topography data produced by the science payload, whose principal instrument is a Ka-band radar Interferometer. The SWOT mission will provide large-scale data sets of ocean sea-surface height resolving scales of 15km (in ocean wavelength) and larger, allowing the characterization of ocean mesoscale and submesoscale circulation. Present altimeter constellations can only resolve the ocean circulation at ocean wavelengths larger than 200km. SWOT will address fundamental questions on the dynamics of ocean variability at wavelengths shorter than 200km, which encompasses mesoscale and submesoscale processes such as the formation, evolution, and dissipation of eddy variability (including narrow currents, fronts, and quasi-geostrophic turbulence) and their role in airsea interaction. The SWOT mission will also provide measurements of water storage changes in terrestrial surface water bodies and will provide estimates of discharge in large (wider than 100m) rivers, globally. The SWOT measurements will directly measure the surface water (lakes, reservoirs, rivers, and wetlands) component of the water cycle. The core of the SWOT payload consists of a Ka-band Radar Interferometer (KaRIn) - a dual-antenna synthetic aperture radar specifically designed to make high precision height and backscatter measurements enabling the key oceanographic and hydrology data sets. The SWOT payload also includes: a Nadir Altimeter (NA) system, a radiometer for tropospheric path delay corrections, and a precision orbit determination instrument suite consisting of Global Positioning System-Payload (GPSP), Doppler Orbitography and Radiopositioning Integrated by Satellite (DORIS) receivers, and a Laser Retroreflector Array (LRA). SWOT is a partnership mission between NASA, the French Space Agency (CNES), The United Kingdom Space Agency (UKSA), and The Canadian Space Agency (CSA). The spacecraft bus and command & data ground stations are provided by CNES, while the launch vehicle and payload module are provided by NASA/JPL. The SWOT payload module instrument suite consists of the NASA/JPL provided KaRIn instrument, cross-track radiometer, GPS, and laser retroreflector, as well as the CNES provided DORIS and nadir pointing radar altimeter. CNES also provides the Radio Frequency Unit (RFU) sub-system for which the UKSA contributes the Duplexer assembly. The RFU is a key subsystem of the KaRIn instrument. CSA contributes the Extended Interaction Klystron (EIK) which is one of the KaRIn subsystem. This paper describes the mission design, implementation of the Payload, and some of the interface and design challenges.	[Vaze, Parag; Kaki, Said; Limonadi, Daniel; Esteban-Fernandez, Daniel; Zohar, Guy] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Vaze, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	parag.v.vaze@jpl.nasa.gov; said.kaki@jpl.nasa.gov; Daniel.limonadi@jpl.nasa.gov; daniel.esteban-fernandez@jpl.nasa.gov; guy.zohar@jpl.nasa.gov						0	0	0	1	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													9	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397401037					2020-09-09	
S	Wagner, TL; Lange, RD			IEEE	Wagner, Travis L.; Lange, Robert D.			Mars 2020 Surface Mission Modeling Landing Site Thermal Environments	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				This paper presents work done by the Mars 2020 Mission Planning Team to characterize landing site thermal environments. A process was developed to take in ground temperature simulation data for each landing site and efficiently discretize it into six thermal environment bins. The Mars 2020 Thermal Team then performed detailed heater and energy modeling in each of those environments. The heater modeling results were implemented into a Monte Carlo based surface mission model to understand mission performance impacts. The Mars 2020 Instrument Teams used the results to inform their design and to better understand how the thermal conditions at each landing site affected their instruments.	[Wagner, Travis L.; Lange, Robert D.] NASA, Jet Prop Lab, CALTECH, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Wagner, TL (corresponding author), NASA, Jet Prop Lab, CALTECH, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	travis.l.wagner@jpl.nasa.gov; robert.d.lange@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. We would like to thank our managers and colleagues for their support in making possible the development of this new approach to thermal environment modeling, and for their important feedback and critique along the way.		5	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													8	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397402065					2020-09-09	
S	Walsh, W; Gao, J			IEEE	Walsh, William; Gao, Jay			Communications in a Cave Environment	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Lava tubes are thought to exist on Mars and on the Moon, and are of special interest for science objectives and human habitability. The communications environment in such a cave is important for exploration. This paper explores the use of the shooting and bouncing rays (SBR) approximation to modeling the electromagnetics environment in a basalt rock lava tube with an obstruction, such as a cave-in. The cave, which has smooth walls, widens until the obstruction occurs, and then narrows. There is no line-of-sight communications path. A cave length of 100 meters is modeled. Existing knowledge of tunnel communications and the ANSYS Savant tool are leveraged in order to provide results for the cave geometry. A number of observations are offered in the following areas based on indications obtained from lava tube modeling: (1) Enhanced signals are observed. This is the degree to which the cave walls can create an amplification of the received signal and assist communications by reflecting the incident and re-scattered signals. Communications behind the obstacle is possible. (2) Spatial signal fading was observed, hinting at geometric effects or that scattered signals can combine destructively. Deep fades occur but appear to be rare. (3) Diminished signal strength occurs at the boundaries. Robotic exploration may take place close to the cave floor or walls. Indications from simulation for signal strengths close to the cave floor and walls are examined. (4) Frequency-selective fading can occur. The time-delay spread is discussed. The simulation results include an evaluation of IEEE 802.11 WiFi at 2.4 GHz using a freestanding electric cross dipole antenna and transmitted signal powers from 10mW to 100mW. Receive data rates are derived at locations throughout the cave and are provided to the degree that the cave geometry and electromagnetics approximations hold. These are only estimates of actual data rates subject to the approximations that were applied. Simplifications and adaptations of the WiFi waveform are discussed as part of a power trade.	[Walsh, William; Gao, Jay] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Walsh, W (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	William.B.Walsh@jpl.nasa.gov; Jay.L.Gao@jpl.nasa.gov			JPL R&TD effort under Jay Wyatt	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautical and Space Administration. The authors would like to thank the JPL R&TD effort under Jay Wyatt for funding this work, and the Wireless Applique R&TD effort under Noun Lay for providing access to the simulation tool.		7	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													8	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397402037					2020-09-09	
S	Wang, I; Keymeulen, D; Tran, D; Liggett, E; Klimesh, M; Dolman, D; Nunes, D; Sullivan, P; Bernas, M; Pham, M			IEEE	Wang, Irene; Keymeulen, Didier; Tran, Danny; Liggett, Elliott; Klimesh, Matthew; Dolman, David; Nunes, Daniel; Sullivan, Peter; Bernas, Michael; Pham, Michael			LiveCheckHSI: a Hardware/Software Co-verification Tool for Hyperspectral Imaging Systems with Embedded System-on-Chip Instrument Avionics	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				The emergent technology of system-on-chip (SoC) devices promises lighter, smaller, cheaper, and more capable and reliable space electronic systems that could help to unveil some of the most treasured secrets in our universe. This technology is an improvement over the technology that is currently used in space applications, which lags behind state-of-the-art commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) equipment by several generations. SoC technology integrates all computational power required by next-generation space exploration science instruments onto a single chip. This paper describes hardware/software co-verification tools for the Xilinx Zynq-based control and data handling system that have been developed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) for visible-infrared imaging spectrometers. The system acquires and compresses images in real-time, in addition to programming the spectrometer (frame rate, exposure time), focus step motor, and heaters and reporting telemetry.	[Wang, Irene] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Keymeulen, Didier; Liggett, Elliott; Klimesh, Matthew; Sullivan, Peter; Bernas, Michael] Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA USA; [Nunes, Daniel] Jet Prop Lab, Div Sci, Geophys & Planetary Geosci Grp, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA USA; [Liggett, Elliott; Dolman, David] Alpha Data Inc, Denver, CO USA; [Tran, Danny] Univ Calif Irvine, Irvine, CA USA; [Pham, Michael] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA USA	Wang, I (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	siwang@caltech.edu			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); Caltech Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship's (SURF) program; JPL Year-Round Internship Program (JPLYIP) program	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The authors wish to thank the Caltech Summer Undergraduate Research Fellowship's (SURF) program and the JPL Year-Round Internship Program (JPLYIP) program for the funding necessary to carry out the implementation of the validation, verification, and diagnostic software.		24	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													11	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397402092					2020-09-09	
S	West, JL; Accomazzo, A; Chmielewski, AB; Ferri, P			IEEE	West, John L.; Accomazzo, Andrea; Chmielewski, Arthur B.; Ferri, Paolo			Space Mission Hibernation Mode Design: Lessons learned from Rosetta and other pathfinding missions using hibernation	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Spacecraft hibernation is a mode garnering interest for long duration and deep space missions. There are different strategies, motivations, and implementations for hibernation. For example, hibernation was important for the Rosetta mission because of its limited spacecraft resources when the spacecraft ventured to far reaches of the solar system near the orbit of Jupiter. The NASA New Horizons probe to Pluto, on the other hand, is an example of a mission's use of hibernation with a goal to decrease the level of operations, while at the same time reducing spacecraft wear and tear. In the same way, the designers of the other missions using hibernation addressed in the paper, such as Deep Space 1, Spirit, WISE, Stardust/NEXT, and some DoD and NOAA missions, have all benefitted in unique ways from the use of the hibernation technique. The authors hope the summary of the techniques used and lessons learned in implementing hibernation in the described missions will prove valuable to other spacecraft designers whose missions may similarly benefit from the use of this mode.	[West, John L.; Chmielewski, Arthur B.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Accomazzo, Andrea; Ferri, Paolo] European Space Agcy, ESA European Space Operat Ctr, R Bosch Str 5, D-64298 Darmstadt, Germany	West, JL (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	john.l.west@jpl.nasa.gov; Andrea.Accomazzo@esa.int; abc@jpl.nasa.gov; Paolo.Ferri@esa.int						7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													14	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397404037					2020-09-09	
S	Wilcox, BH; Howe, AS			IEEE	Wilcox, Brian H.; Howe, A. Scott			Robotic Infrastructure for Mars Outpost Water Supply	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Intercontinental rovers servicing automated solar-powered Rodriguez Wells can supply water for Human Exploration on Mars. This paper describes a solar-powered multi-vehicle concept that can turn water resources obtained from mid-latitude glacier ice into a sustained water supply. A robotic drilling platform is proposed that can access relatively pure water ice in mid-latitude Martian glaciers through 1-10m of loose regolith, whereupon long-distance tanker rovers continually traverse terrain between the drilling operation and human outposts located in Mars equatorial zones. Robotically deployed solar-thermal panels will be able to passively heat warm water that is delivered into a Rodriguez Well (a melted cavity in an expanse of water ice such as a glacier). Newly melted water will be pumped up out of the well and cycled through the solar panels to fill tankers. The tankers will consist of multiple four-wheeled linked cars in a tram-like configuration that can overcome steep terrain and obstacles. The system will be able to deliver its own landed mass of water to the human explorers every similar to 74 Mars days. The resources, power, vehicle configurations, and detailed functions are described.	[Wilcox, Brian H.; Howe, A. Scott] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Wilcox, BH (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Brian.H.Wilcox@jpl.nasa.gov; Scott.Howe@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration		6	0	0	0	3	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													17	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403006					2020-09-09	
S	Youmans, TA; Hihn, JM			IEEE	Youmans, Thomas A.; Hihn, Jairus M.			Avoiding the Impossible: Re-focusing a Non-Feasible Mission 2-Hrs into a 3-Day Engineering Session	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				Concurrent engineering (CE) has demonstrated for over twenty years that it can produce high level mission designs in a short period of time, from months to only a few days. Unfortunately, sometimes these designs - while technically sound - are not feasible due to mass or cost constraints. A major new capability is needed by CE teams that will enable mission designers to re-focus a study, and avoid spending a great deal of time and effort with 15 engineers designing a non-feasible mission. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory's Team X is addressing this problem by developing mass and cost models that produce estimates for the probability of breaching a mass or cost threshold within the first hours of a study. These models are built on statistical relationships based on mass and cost allocations per mission component by mission type, derived from over twenty years of Team X studies and NASA missions. By linking these relationships, insights about total mass or cost can be made early in a study, based on preliminary requirements or the first completed spacecraft subsystem designs; estimates incorporate updated spacecraft subsystem designs as they are completed throughout the study. A methodology, generalized model, verification and example implementation for a cost limit breach are presented.	[Youmans, Thomas A.; Hihn, Jairus M.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Youmans, TA (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	thomas.a.youmans@jpl.nasa.gov; jairus.m.hihn@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		15	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													14	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397402007					2020-09-09	
S	Younse, P; Strahle, JW; Lalla, K; Dolci, M; Ohta, P; Adajian, R			IEEE	Younse, Paulo; Strahle, Jackson W.; Lalla, Karan; Dolci, Marco; Ohta, Preston; Adajian, Rama			A Systems Architecting Methodology Using Bloom's Taxonomy to Promote Creative Engineering Synthesis	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE			WORKING-MEMORY	Architecting complex systems requires high-level cognitive processing and extensive knowledge of the system elements, functions, relationships, and constraints. This paper describes a systems architecting methodology implemented through cognitive psychological creative processes using Bloom's taxonomy as a framework to generate the expert knowledge required to effectively and systematically synthesize new systems. Systems architecting activities were carried out to identify, develop, and capture factual and conceptual knowledge relevant to the system subject matter and functional elements, as well as to facilitate active processing of the knowledge through remembering, understanding, applying, analyzing, evaluating, and creating. Dual channel and limited capacity principles of learning were incorporated into the format of the systems engineering tools developed to assist with information processing and retention. Metacognitive strategies associated with memory and creative idea generation were implemented into the methodology to effectively and efficiently develop system alternatives using the full collection of knowledge. Synthesis of an orbiting sample capture and orientation system architecture to enable spacecraft-based onorbit capture of a Mars sample container for a potential Mars Sample Return campaign was used as a case study.	[Younse, Paulo; Strahle, Jackson W.; Lalla, Karan; Dolci, Marco; Ohta, Preston; Adajian, Rama] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Younse, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	paulo.j.younse@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research described in this publication was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory of California Institute of Technology under contract from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The subject matter in this paper is pre-decisional, and for discussion purposes only. Support and guidance was also provided by Richard Mayer, Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences, University of California Santa Barbara, and Ota Lutz, Education Program Specialist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory of California Institute of Technology.		34	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													23	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397400082					2020-09-09	
S	Younse, P; Strahle, JW; Dolci, M; Ohta, P; Lalla, K; Olds, E			IEEE	Younse, Paulo; Strahle, Jackson W.; Dolci, Marco; Ohta, Preston; Lalla, Karan; Olds, Eric			An Orbiting Sample Capture and Orientation System Architecture for Potential Mars Sample Return	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				An orbiting sample capture and orientation system architecture for a Rendezvous and Orbiting Sample Capture System (ROCS) concept was developed to enable spacecraft-based, on-orbit capture, orientation, and transfer of a Mars sample container into a containment vessel as part of a potential Mars Sample Return (MSR) campaign. An analysis of the system functions, requirements, interactions, and constraints was performed. A trade study was carried out on relevant technologies, and a set of evaluation criteria was developed to help determine the most feasible concepts for implementation. The MArs CApture and ReOrientation for the potential NExt Mars Orbiter (MACARONE) concept is proposed as a promising system architecture for the ROCS Capture and Orient Module (COM). The concept uses a sliding trap door for Orbiting Sample (OS) capture, a Motorized Cups Mechanism for OS orientation, and a 2 DOF Turret Arm with a paddle for transferring the OS into a containment vessel. This approach facilitates modularity, development flexibility, testability in a 1G environment, analyzability without the need to simulate or test for 0G contact dynamics, ability to encapsulate potential dust surrounding the OS, and ability to be ejected to reduce the probability of Earth exposure to unsterilized Mars material.	[Younse, Paulo; Strahle, Jackson W.; Dolci, Marco; Ohta, Preston; Lalla, Karan] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Olds, Eric] Sierra Lobo Inc, Pasadena, CA 91107 USA	Younse, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	paulo.j.younse@jpl.nasa.gov; eolds@sierralobo.com			National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research described in this publication was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory of California Institute of Technology under contract from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The subject matter in this paper is pre-decisional, and for discussion purposes only.		13	0	0	1	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													23	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397400081					2020-09-09	
S	Zhang, C; Ono, M; Lanka, R			IEEE	Zhang, Clark; Ono, Masahiro; Lanka, Ravi			Multiresolution Partitioned Gaussian Process Regression for Terrain Estimation	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE				We look at estimating occluded or otherwise missing regions of point-cloud terrain data using Gaussian Process Regression (GPR). The ability to estimate missing data allows motion planners to create more aggressive and cost efficient paths. Previous approaches in applying GPR to terrain estimation have large computational complexity or trade off accuracy of farfield data with computational complexity. We present Multiresolution Partitioned Gaussian Process Regression (MPGPR) to address these weaknesses. MPGPR improves upon past results by 1) using a quadtree structure to intuitively partition data in order to speed up parameter optimization times, as well as 2) using a hierarchical structure to capture long range data dependencies while preserving local detail. This hierarchical structure allows the method to perform well on practical datasets that may have nonuniform densities. Our method is evaluated on many artificially generated terrains as well as real data obtained from the Mars Curiosity Rover.	[Zhang, Clark] Univ Penn, Grasp Lab, Elect & Syst Engn, 3330 Walnut St, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Ono, Masahiro; Lanka, Ravi] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Zhang, C (corresponding author), Univ Penn, Grasp Lab, Elect & Syst Engn, 3330 Walnut St, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA.	clarkz@seas.upenn.edu; Masahiro.Ono@jpl.nasa.gov; Ravi.Kiran@jpl.nasa.gov			Jet Propulsion Laboratory; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [DGE-1321851]	The authors would like to thank Michel Ingham and Daniel D. Lee for thoughtful discussions with the project as well as the Jet Propulsion Laboratory's Research and Technology Development fund for providing financial suppert. The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.; This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship Program under Grant No. DGE-1321851. Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material and do not necessarily reflect the are those of the authors views of the National Science Foundation.		16	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													8	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397403082					2020-09-09	
S	Zhu, F; Jones-Wilson, L; Peck, M			IEEE	Zhu, Frances; Jones-Wilson, Laura; Peck, Mason			Flux-Pinned Dynamics Model Parameterization and Sensitivity Study	2018 IEEE AEROSPACE CONFERENCE	IEEE Aerospace Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Aerospace Conference	MAR 03-10, 2018	Big Sky, MT	IEEE			HIGH-TEMPERATURE SUPERCONDUCTORS; LEVITATION FORCE; MAGNETIC-LEVITATION; COOLING PROCESSES; GRAIN-ALIGNMENT; YBACUO BULK; RECONFIGURATION; SPACECRAFT; LOOPS	Flux-pinned interfaces for spacecraft are an action-at-a-distance technology that can maintain a passively stable equilibrium between two spacecraft in close-proximity using the physics of magnetic flux pinning. Although flux pinning dynamics have been studied from a material-science perspective and at an interface level, there is a need to better understand the sensitivities and implications of system-level designs on the flux-pinned interface dynamics, especially in designs with multiple magnets and superconductors. These interfaces have highly nonlinear, coupled dynamics that are influenced by physical parameters including but not limited to strength of magnetic field sources, field-cooled position, and superconductor geometry. This paper addresses that gap by codifying parametric terms into an improved dynamics model, which can then be used to simulate the interaction of a multiple-superconductor-multiple-magnet interface. A standard starting point for modeling flux pinning dynamics is Kordyuk's frozen image model, which defines a geometric mapping between magnetic field sources and their corresponding magnetic point source "images inside the volume of the superconductor." The frozen image model successfully approximates the characteristics of flux pinning dynamics, but could provide more precise position and orientation predictions with the addition of various physical parameter refinements. The sensitivity of the general flux-pinned dynamics model is studied by varying the physical parameters and simulating the systems level dynamics. A predictive dynamics model is crucial to the maturation of this technology so it can be utilized in spacecraft systems, and this work represents a critical step in the development of that model.	[Zhu, Frances] Cornell Univ, 452 Upson Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA; [Jones-Wilson, Laura] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Peck, Mason] Cornell Univ, 455 Upson Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA	Zhu, F (corresponding author), Cornell Univ, 452 Upson Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA.	Fz55@cornell.edu; Laura.L.Jones@jpl.nasa.gov; Mp336@cornell.edu						41	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1095-323X		978-1-5386-2014-4	AEROSP CONF PROC			2018													16	Engineering, Aerospace	Engineering	BN1GI	WOS:000474397400005					2020-09-09	
S	Cohen, G; Haeupler, B; Schulman, LJ		Diakonikolas, I; Kempe, D; Henzinger, M		Cohen, Gil; Haeupler, Bernhard; Schulman, Leonard J.			Explicit Binary Tree Codes with Polylogarithmic Size Alphabet	STOC'18: PROCEEDINGS OF THE 50TH ANNUAL ACM SIGACT SYMPOSIUM ON THEORY OF COMPUTING	Annual ACM Symposium on Theory of Computing		English	Proceedings Paper	50th Annual ACM SIGACT Symposium on the Theory of Computing (STOC)	JUN 25-29, 2018	Los Angeles, CA	Assoc Comp Machinery, Assoc Comp Machinery Special Interest Grp Algorithms & Computat Theory		tree codes; sparse polynomials; explicit constructions	ANYTIME CAPACITY; SUFFICIENCY; NECESSITY	This paper makes progress on the problem of explicitly constructing a binary tree code with constant distance and constant alphabet size. For every constant delta < 1 we give an explicit binary tree code with distance delta and alphabet size poly(log n), where n is the depth of the tree. This is the first improvement over a two-decade-old construction that has an exponentially larger alphabet of size poly(n). As part of the analysis, we prove a bound on the number of positive integer roots a real polynomial can have in terms of its sparsity with respect to the Newton basis-a result of independent interest.	[Cohen, Gil] Princeton Univ, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Haeupler, Bernhard] Carnegie Mellon Univ, Dept Comp Sci, Pittsburgh, NH USA; [Schulman, Leonard J.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Cohen, G (corresponding author), Princeton Univ, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA.	gilc@princeton.edu; haeupler@cs.cmu.edu; schulman@caltech.edu			NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1618795, CCF-1527110, CCF-1618280]; NSF CAREERNational Science Foundation (NSF)NSF - Office of the Director (OD) [CCF-1750808]; EURIAS Senior Fellowship - Marie Sklodowska-Curie Actions under the 7th Framework Programme	Part of this work was done while the first author was a CMI Post-doctoral Fellow at the California Institute of Technology. The second author was supported in part by NSF grants CCF-1527110, CCF-1618280 and NSF CAREER award CCF-1750808. The third author was supported in part by NSF grant 1618795; and part of the work was done while he was in residence at the Israel Institute for Advanced Studies, supported by a EURIAS Senior Fellowship co-funded by the Marie Sklodowska-Curie Actions under the 7th Framework Programme. The second author thanks Noga Ron-Zewi and Shachar Lovett for many helpful discussions.		55	2	2	0	0	ASSOC COMPUTING MACHINERY	NEW YORK	1515 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10036-9998 USA	0737-8017		978-1-4503-5559-9	ACM S THEORY COMPUT			2018							535	544		10.1145/3188745.3188928			10	Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BL9RP	WOS:000458175600047					2020-09-09	
B	You, PC; Pang, JZF; Yeung, E			Assoc Comp Machinery	You, Pengcheng; Pang, John Z. F.; Yeung, Enoch			Stabilization of Power Networks via Market Dynamics	E-ENERGY'18: PROCEEDINGS OF THE 9TH ACM INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON FUTURE ENERGY SYSTEMS			English	Proceedings Paper	9th ACM International Conference on Future Energy Systems (ACM e-Energy)	JUN 12-15, 2018	Karlsruhe Inst Technol, Karlsruhe, GERMANY	Assoc Comp Machinery, ACM SIGCOMM, Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, ProCom, EnBW, TransnetBW	Karlsruhe Inst Technol		STABILITY	This work investigates the increasing interactions between power network dynamics and market dynamics. A dynamical spot pricing mechanism for rational market behavior of generators and loads is designed to model market dynamics, which provably drives a power network to an equilibrium operating point, achieving secondary frequency control and economic dispatch.	[You, Pengcheng] Zhejiang Univ, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, Peoples R China; [Pang, John Z. F.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Yeung, Enoch] Pacific Northwest Natl Lab, Richland, WA 99352 USA	You, PC (corresponding author), Zhejiang Univ, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, Peoples R China.	pcyou@zju.edu.cn; jzpang@caltech.edu; enoch.yeung@pnnl.gov			NSFCNational Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) [61629302]; PNNL Lab Directed Research and Development Fund; PNNL Control of Complex Systems Initiative	This work was supported in part by NSFC under grant 61629302, the PNNL Lab Directed Research and Development Fund, and the PNNL Control of Complex Systems Initiative.		18	0	0	0	0	ASSOC COMPUTING MACHINERY	NEW YORK	1515 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10036-9998 USA			978-1-4503-5767-8				2018							139	145		10.1145/3208903.3208916			7	Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BN0SR	WOS:000473396700016					2020-09-09	
B	You, PC; Cheng, P; Pang, JZF; Low, SH			Assoc Comp Machinery	You, Pengcheng; Cheng, Peng; Pang, John Z. F.; Low, Steven H.			Efficient Online Station Assignment for EV Battery Swapping	E-ENERGY'18: PROCEEDINGS OF THE 9TH ACM INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON FUTURE ENERGY SYSTEMS			English	Proceedings Paper	9th ACM International Conference on Future Energy Systems (ACM e-Energy)	JUN 12-15, 2018	Karlsruhe Inst Technol, Karlsruhe, GERMANY	Assoc Comp Machinery, ACM SIGCOMM, Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, ProCom, EnBW, TransnetBW	Karlsruhe Inst Technol			This paper investigates the online station assignment for (commercial) electric vehicles (EVs) that make battery swapping requests to a central operator, with the aim of minimizing cost to EVs and congestion at service stations. Inspired by a polynomial-time solvable offline solution via a bipartite matching approach, we develop an efficient online station assignment algorithm that provably achieves a tight (optimal) competitive ratio under mild conditions.	[You, Pengcheng; Cheng, Peng] Zhejiang Univ, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, Peoples R China; [Pang, John Z. F.; Low, Steven H.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	You, PC (corresponding author), Zhejiang Univ, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, Peoples R China.	pcyou@zju.edu.cn; saodiseng@gmail.com; jzpang@caltech.edu; slow@caltech.edu	Low, Steven/AAV-7687-2020					2	1	1	0	0	ASSOC COMPUTING MACHINERY	NEW YORK	1515 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10036-9998 USA			978-1-4503-5767-8				2018							383	385		10.1145/3208903.3212032			3	Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BN0SR	WOS:000473396700046					2020-09-09	
B	Kumar, S		Oh, SH; Escobedo, C; Brolo, AG		Kumar, Shailabh			Self-directed Transport on Nanostructured Plasmonic Sensors	MINIATURE FLUIDIC DEVICES FOR RAPID BIOLOGICAL DETECTION	Integrated Analytical Systems		English	Article; Book Chapter							ENHANCED RAMAN-SCATTERING; MAGNETIC NANOPARTICLES; FLOW-THROUGH; NANOHOLE ARRAYS; GOLD NANOHOLE; SURFACE; TRANSMISSION; PURIFICATION; SEPARATION; METALS	Analytical sensors using varying detection strategies have been widely and successfully employed for advances in areas such as drug discovery, disease diagnosis and study of biological systems. Many of these sensors utilize plasmonic metallic nanostructures which can concentrate electromagnetic fields in nanoscale regions leading to many fold enhancement in optical signal obtained from the molecules. They employ techniques including fluorescence, surface plasmon resonance (SPR)-based refractive index sensing, surface-enhanced Raman spectroscopy (SERS) and other forms of vibrational spectroscopy for molecular characterization. However, the performance of these devices relies on effective transport of the target molecules to these nanoscale detection sites. Guided transport is extremely important for fast detection in cases where the concentration of molecules is really low and for accurate measurements of protein-protein binding kinetics. In this chapter, we discuss nanostructured biosensing substrates which can spontaneously direct the flow of molecules in solution towards the sensing hotspots. These devices demonstrate improved detection sensitivity, while minimizing the limitations and complexity imposed upon the system. Additionally, they can trap biological particles such as organelles and liposomes on the sensor surface, facilitating on-chip analysis of single particles. This chapter discusses a few methods which have been utilized for concentration of molecules on plasmonic sensing surfaces, without the application of external power sources.	[Kumar, Shailabh] CALTECH, Dept Med Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Kumar, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Med Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	shailabh@caltech.edu						47	0	0	0	0	SPRINGER INTERNATIONAL PUBLISHING AG	CHAM	GEWERBESTRASSE 11, CHAM, CH-6330, SWITZERLAND			978-3-319-64747-0; 978-3-319-64745-6	INTEGR ANAL SYST			2018							105	122		10.1007/978-3-319-64747-0_4	10.1007/978-3-319-64747-0		18	Chemistry, Analytical; Engineering, Biomedical; Nanoscience & Nanotechnology; Instruments & Instrumentation	Chemistry; Engineering; Science & Technology - Other Topics; Instruments & Instrumentation	BM7DL	WOS:000467772300005					2020-09-09	
S	Douik, A; Dahrouj, H; Al-Naffouri, TY; Alouini, MS			IEEE	Douik, Ahmed; Dahrouj, Hayssam; Al-Naffouri, Tareq Y.; Alouini, Mohamed-Slim			Joint Scheduling and Beamforming via Cloud-Radio Access Networks Coordination	2018 IEEE 88TH VEHICULAR TECHNOLOGY CONFERENCE (VTC-FALL)	IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	88th IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference (VTC-Fall)	AUG 27-30, 2018	Chicago, IL	IEEE, Roberson & Associates LLC, BMW Technol Corp, IEEE Vehicular Technol Soc		Cloud radio access networks; joint coordinated scheduling and beamforming; conflict graph; independent set		Cloud radio access network (CRAN) emerges as a promising architecture for large-scale interference management. This paper addresses the benefit of one particular type of coordinated resource allocation in CRANs through the combined effect of joint scheduling and beamforming. Consider the downlink of a CRAN where the cloud is connected to several remote radio heads (RRHs), each equipped with multiple antennas. The transmit frame of every RRH is formed by several radio resource blocks (RRBs), each capable of serving multiple single-antenna users via spatial multiplexing using beamforming. The paper focuses on the problem of maximizing the network-wide weighted sum-rate by jointly determining the set of scheduled users at each RRB, and their corresponding beamforming vectors. The main contribution of the paper is to solve such a mixed discrete-continuous optimization problem using a graph-theoretical based approach. The paper introduces the joint scheduling and beamforming graph, wherein each independent set accounts for a feasible schedule and feasible beamforming vectors. Afterward, the joint scheduling and beamforming problem is shown to be equivalent to a maximum independent set problem in the proposed graph. Simulation results suggest that the proposed joint solution provides appreciable performance improvements as compared to the classical iterative approach.	[Douik, Ahmed] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Dahrouj, Hayssam] Effat Univ, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia; [Al-Naffouri, Tareq Y.; Alouini, Mohamed-Slim] King Abdullah Univ Sci & Technol, Thuwal, Saudi Arabia	Douik, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	ahmed.douik@caltech.edu; hayssam.dahrouj@gmail.com; naffouri@kaust.edu.sa; slim.alouini@kaust.edu.sa	Alouini, Mohamed-Slim/I-2658-2018	Alouini, Mohamed-Slim/0000-0003-4827-1793	Eftat University in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia through the Research and Consultancy Institute	Hayssam Dahrouj would like to thank Eftat University in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, for funding the research reported in this paper through the Research and Consultancy Institute.		13	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1550-2252		978-1-5386-6358-5	IEEE VTS VEH TECHNOL			2018													5	Transportation Science & Technology	Transportation	BM8DB	WOS:000468872400353					2020-09-09	
B	Fang, ZX; Huang, LB; Wierman, A			ACM	Fang, Zhixuan; Huang, Longbo; Wierman, Adam			Loyalty Programs in the Sharing Economy: Optimality and Competition	PROCEEDINGS OF THE 2018 THE NINETEENTH INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON MOBILE AD HOC NETWORKING AND COMPUTING (MOBIHOC '18)			English	Proceedings Paper	19th ACM International Symposium on Mobile Ad-Hoc Networking and Computing (Mobihoc)	JUN 26-29, 2018	Los Angeles, CA	Assoc Comp Machinery, ACM SIGMOBILE, NSF		Networks; Network economics; Applied computing; Economics		Loyalty programs are important tools for sharing platforms seeking to grow supply. Online sharing platforms use loyalty programs to heavily subsidize resource providers, encouraging participation and boosting supply. As the sharing economy has evolved and competition has increased, the design of loyalty programs has begun to play a crucial role in the pursuit of maximal revenue. In this paper, we first characterize the optimal loyalty program for a platform with homogeneous users. We then show that optimal revenue in a heterogeneous market can be achieved by a class of multi-threshold loyalty program (MTLP) which admits a simple implementation-friendly structure. We also study the performance of loyalty programs in a setting with two competing sharing platforms, showing that the degree of heterogeneity is a crucial factor for both loyalty programs and pricing strategies. Our results show that sophisticated loyalty programs that reward suppliers via step-wise linear functions outperform simple sign-up bonuses, which give them a one time reward for participating.	[Fang, Zhixuan; Huang, Longbo] Tsinghua Univ, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Wierman, Adam] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Fang, ZX (corresponding author), Tsinghua Univ, Beijing, Peoples R China.	fzx13@mails.tsinghua.edu.cn; longbohuang@tsinghua.edu.cn; adamw@caltech.edu			National Natural Science Foundation of ChinaNational Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) [61672316, 61303195]; Tsinghua Initiative Research Grant; China Youth 1000-Talent Grant; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AitF-1637598, CNS-1518941]	The work of Zhixuan Fang and Longbo Huang is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China Grant 61672316 and 61303195, the Tsinghua Initiative Research Grant and the China Youth 1000-Talent Grant. The work of Adam Wierman is supported by NSF Grant AitF-1637598, CNS-1518941.		35	1	1	1	1	ASSOC COMPUTING MACHINERY	NEW YORK	1515 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10036-9998 USA			978-1-4503-5770-8				2018							131	140					10	Computer Science, Hardware & Architecture; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Computer Science; Engineering; Telecommunications	BM9JP	WOS:000471038600014					2020-09-09	
B	Frank, RL		Palatucci, G; Kuusi, T		Frank, Rupert L.			Eigenvalue Bounds for the Fractional Laplacian: A Review	RECENT DEVELOPMENTS IN NONLOCAL THEORY			English	Article; Book Chapter							LIEB-THIRRING INEQUALITIES; CAUCHY PROCESS; SCHRODINGER-OPERATORS; SUBORDINATE PROCESSES; ASYMPTOTIC-BEHAVIOR; SPECTRAL GAP; FABER-KRAHN; TRACE; STABILITY; EQUATION	We review some recent results on eigenvalues of fractional Laplacians and fractional Schrodinger operators. We discuss, in particular, Lieb-Thirring inequalities and their generalizations, as well as semi-classical asymptotics.	[Frank, Rupert L.] Ludwig Maximilans Univ Munchen, Theresienstr 39, D-80333 Munich, Germany; [Frank, Rupert L.] CALTECH, Math 253 37, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Frank, RL (corresponding author), Ludwig Maximilans Univ Munchen, Theresienstr 39, D-80333 Munich, Germany.; Frank, RL (corresponding author), CALTECH, Math 253 37, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	rlfrank@caltech.edu		Frank, Rupert/0000-0001-7973-4688				101	3	3	0	0	WALTER DE GRUYTER GMBH	BERLIN	GENTHINER STRASSE 13, D-10785 BERLIN, GERMANY			978-3-11-057156-1; 978-3-11-057155-4				2018							210	235		10.1515/9783110571561-007			26	Mathematics, Applied; Mathematics	Mathematics	BM8QS	WOS:000469918500007		Green Accepted, Other Gold			2020-09-09	
S	Saive, R; Coplin, S; Kim, HL; van de Stadt, CH; Kelzenberg, MD; Atwater, HA			IEEE	Saive, Rebecca; Coplin, Sophia; Kim, Hyunseong Linus; van de Stadt, Chris H.; Kelzenberg, Michael D.; Atwater, Harry A.			Transparent, Conductive and Lightweight Superstrates for Perovskite Solar Cells and Modules	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE		superstrates; perovskite solar cells; enhanced quantum efficiency; transparent conductors		We have developed superstrates for perovskite solar cells that feature increased transparency and conductivity due to the incorporation of effectively transparent contacts (ETCs). They increase the short-circuit current density by more than 1 mA/cm2 compared to standard indium tin oxide (ITO) on glass superstrates. These ETC superstrates are composed of soda-lime glass with a thin (similar to 40 mu m) layer of polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS) that features triangular cross-section microscale grooves, which are infilled with a conductive silver ink and subsequently coated by a thin (similar to 30 nm) ITO layer such that high lateral conductivity (< 5 Omega/sq) is achieved without altering the surface properties of standard perovskite superstrates.	[Saive, Rebecca; Coplin, Sophia; Kim, Hyunseong Linus; van de Stadt, Chris H.; Kelzenberg, Michael D.; Atwater, Harry A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Saive, Rebecca; van de Stadt, Chris H.] Univ Twente, NL-7522 Enschede, Netherlands	Saive, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Saive, R (corresponding author), Univ Twente, NL-7522 Enschede, Netherlands.			Saive, Rebecca/0000-0001-7420-9155	Engineering Research Center Program of the National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy of the Department of Energy under NSFUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [EEC-1041895]; U.S. Department of Energy through the Bay Area Photovoltaic ConsortiumUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-EE0004946]; Global Climate Energy project	This material is based upon work supported by the Engineering Research Center Program of the National Science Foundation and the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy of the Department of Energy under NSF Cooperative Agreement No. EEC-1041895 and by the U.S. Department of Energy through the Bay Area Photovoltaic Consortium under Award Number DE-EE0004946. RS acknowledges support from the Global Climate & Energy project.		7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							0022	0026					5	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200400005					2020-09-09	
S	Saive, R; Russell, TCR; Atwater, HA			IEEE	Saive, Rebecca; Russell, Thomas C. R.; Atwater, Harry A.			Light Trapping in Bifacial Solar Modules Using Effectively Transparent Contacts (ETCs)	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE		Bifacial solar cells; light trapping; photovoltaic cells; effectively transparent contacts	SPECTRAL ALBEDO; PHOTOVOLTAIC MODULES; ANNUAL PERFORMANCE; SILICON; CELLS; PANEL	We have performed a computational study on the enhancement of the light absorption within bifacial solar modules with effectively transparent contacts (ETCs). ETCs are triangular cross-section silver fingers that redirect light to the active area of the solar cell and therefore, mitigate finger grid shading losses. Furthermore, ETCs can be spaced densely leading to light trapping. We used a combination of thin film and ray optical simulations and determined that light absorption can be increased by more than 4.5% compared to state-of-the-art metallization due to light trapping and effective transparency. Furthermore, we calculated that grid resistance and silver usage can be improved when using ETCs.	[Saive, Rebecca; Russell, Thomas C. R.; Atwater, Harry A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Saive, Rebecca] Univ Twente, NL-7522 Enschede, Netherlands	Saive, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Saive, R (corresponding author), Univ Twente, NL-7522 Enschede, Netherlands.			Saive, Rebecca/0000-0001-7420-9155	Engineering Research Center Program of the National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy of the Department of Energy under NSFUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [EEC-1041895]; U.S. Department of Energy through the Bay Area Photovoltaic ConsortiumUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-EE0004946]; Global Climate Energy project	The authors thank John Lloyd for helpful advice on LightTools optical simulations and Phil Jahelka for helpful discussion. This material is based upon work supported by the Engineering Research Center Program of the National Science Foundation and the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy of the Department of Energy under NSF Cooperative Agreement No. EEC-1041895 and by the U.S. Department of Energy through the Bay Area Photovoltaic Consortium under Award Number DE-EE0004946. RS acknowledges support from the Global Climate & Energy project.		20	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							0045	0048					4	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200400010					2020-09-09	
S	Grandidier, J; Kirk, A; Osowski, ML; Fan, SZ; Lee, ML; Stevens, M; Jahelka, P; Tagliabue, G; Atwater, HA; Cutts, JA			IEEE	Grandidier, Jonathan; Kirk, Alexander; Osowski, Mark L.; Fan, Shizhao; Lee, Minjoo L.; Stevens, Margaret; Jahelka, Phillip; Tagliabue, Giulia; Atwater, Harry A.; Cutts, James A.			Solar Cell Analysis Under Venus Atmosphere Conditions	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE		high temperature photovoltaics; Venus exploration missions; multi-junction solar cells		Low-intensity high-temperature (LIHT) solar cells that can function and operate effectively in the Venus atmosphere at various altitudes and also survive on the 465 degrees C surface of Venus are being developed. Thermal, high-temperature current-voltage, and external quantum efficiency (EQE) measurements are presented on GaInP/GaAs double-junction (2J) solar cells. Solar cell modeling under the atmospheric conditions of Venus used to guide the ideal solar cell structure design is presented.	[Grandidier, Jonathan; Stevens, Margaret; Cutts, James A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Kirk, Alexander; Osowski, Mark L.] MicroLink Devices, 6457 W Howard St, Niles, IL 60714 USA; [Fan, Shizhao; Lee, Minjoo L.] Univ Illinois, Elect & Comp Engn, 2258 Micro & Nanotechnol Lab,208 N Wright St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Jahelka, Phillip; Tagliabue, Giulia; Atwater, Harry A.] CALTECH, Thomas J Watson Lab Appl Phys, 1200 E Calif Blvd,MC 128-95, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Grandidier, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.		Lee, Minjoo L/A-9720-2008	Lee, Minjoo L/0000-0002-3151-3808	NASA through the ROSES16 HOTTech Program in the Science Mission Directorate; NASA Space Technology Research Fellowship [NNX15AQ79H]	This work is supported by NASA through the ROSES16 HOTTech Program in the Science Mission Directorate. M. Stevens acknowledges support from the NASA Space Technology Research Fellowship, award NNX15AQ79H.		6	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							1580	1582					3	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200401131					2020-09-09	
S	Omelchenko, ST; Wong, J; Lewis, NS; Atwater, HA			IEEE	Omelchenko, Stefan T.; Wong, Joeson; Lewis, Nathan S.; Atwater, Harry A.			Effects of Sub-gap Absorption on Photovoltaic Performance	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE		detailed balance; Shockley-Queisser limit Urbach tail; sub-gap absorption	TEMPERATURE-DEPENDENCE; EDGE; GAAS	The theoretical maximum photovoltaic efficiency is bounded by the Shockley-Queisser model which assumes that the photovoltaic material has step-function like absorptance, with zero absorption below its bandgap and perfect absorption above. However, typical photovoltaic materials exhibit absorption with an exponential dependence below its bandgap, known as the "Urbach tail" whose steepness is dependent on the Urbach parameter. Using a modified detailed balance model that accounts for sub-gap absorption we show that photovoltaic performance is strongly affected by the magnitude of the Urbach parameter.	[Omelchenko, Stefan T.; Wong, Joeson; Lewis, Nathan S.; Atwater, Harry A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Omelchenko, ST (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							13	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							1837	1840					4	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200401188					2020-09-09	
S	Saive, R; Emmer, H; Chen, CT; Zhang, CM; Honsberg, C; Atwater, H			IEEE	Saive, Rebecca; Emmer, Hal; Chen, Christopher T.; Zhang, Chaomin; Honsberg, Christiana; Atwater, Harry			GaP/Si Heterojunction Solar Cells: An Interface, Doping and Morphology Study	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE		Silicon heterojunction; Gallium Phosphide; band alignment; doping; morphology		We report on an study of the GaP/Si interface for application in silicon heterojunction solar cells. We analyzed the band alignment using X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy (XPS) and cross-sectional Kelvin probe force microscopy (x-KPFM). Our measurements show a high conduction band offset (0.9 eV) leading to a barrier in electron extraction which we microscopically resolved via x-KPFM. XPS reveals the presence of Si-Ca bonds which explains the observed interface dipole that leads to low open circuit voltage and low fill factor in GaP/Si heterojunction solar cells. Furthermore, we investigated the electronic and morphologic changes in GaP upon Si and Mg doping.	[Saive, Rebecca; Emmer, Hal; Chen, Christopher T.; Atwater, Harry] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Saive, Rebecca] Univ Twente, NL-7522 Enschede, Netherlands; [Zhang, Chaomin; Honsberg, Christiana] Arizona State Univ, Tempe, AZ 85281 USA	Saive, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Saive, R (corresponding author), Univ Twente, NL-7522 Enschede, Netherlands.			Saive, Rebecca/0000-0001-7420-9155	U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy ProgramUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-EE0006335, EEC1041895]; Office of Science, Office of Basic Energy Sciences, of the U.S. Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-AC02-05CH11231]	The authors acknowledge the Molecular Foundry for generously hosting the MOCVD growth and the Caltech MMRC for providing the XPS analytic tools. We thank Laura Ding, Shaul Aloni, Adam Nielander, Noah Plymale, Amanda Shing and Lars Korte for helpful advice with measurements and data interpretation. The information, data, or work presented herein was funded in part by the U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Program, under Award Number DE-EE0006335 for band offset characterization and EEC1041895 for other electrical and structural measurements. Work at the Molecular Foundry was supported by the Office of Science, Office of Basic Energy Sciences, of the U.S. Department of Energy under Contract No. DE-AC02-05CH11231.		16	0	0	2	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							2064	2069					6	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200402021					2020-09-09	
S	Glaudell, RD; Atwater, HA			IEEE	Glaudell, Rebecca D.; Atwater, Harry A.			Energy Band Alignment of ZnSxSe1-x Films on Si for Photovoltaic Carrier-Selective Contacts	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE		photovoltaic cells; silicon; heterojunctions; thin films; II-VI semiconductor materials		ZnS(x)Se(1-x)films are promising materials for front carrier-selective contacts in silicon photovoltaics given their wide bandgaps and low resistivities compared to amorphous silicon. X-ray photoelectron spectra of ZnSxSe1-x(x ranging from 0 to 1) films grown on Si by molecular beam epitaxy were used to measure band offsets of ZnSxSe1-x with respect to Si for purposes of accurate optoelectronic simulations of photovoltaic devices incorporating ZnSxSe1-x carrier-selective contacts. Conduction band offsets ranged from 0.68 eV (x =0) to 1.52 eV (x = 1) showing a significant departure from both Anderson model and density functional theory predictions.	[Glaudell, Rebecca D.; Atwater, Harry A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Glaudell, RD (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							10	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							2132	2134					3	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200402037					2020-09-09	
S	Warmann, EC; Atwater, HA			IEEE	Warmann, Emily C.; Atwater, Harry A.			Designing Tandem Photovoltaics for Energy Production	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE		solar energy; energy resources; photovoltaic cells		Changes in the incident spectrum under varying atmospheric conditions can degrade the performance of series connected tandem solar cells that are optimized for performance under the AM1.5D standard spectrum. We present a case study of optimizing series connected tandem solar cells with two to eight subcells for energy production using representative spectra that capture the variation of incident spectra with cumulative irradiance level. Combined with the National Solar Radiation Database information on the frequency of cumulative irradiance levels at locations across the United States, these 20 direct spectra allow us to predict the energy production of spectrum splitting photovoltaic systems across the United States. Series connected tandems optimized to maximize energy production at a local level can generate up to 3% more energy per year than the AM1.5D based design.	[Warmann, Emily C.; Atwater, Harry A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Atwater, Harry A.] Kavli Nanosci Inst, Pasadena, CA 92215 USA	Warmann, EC (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							9	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							2382	2385					4	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200402093					2020-09-09	
S	Yalamanchili, S; Lewis, NS; Atwater, HA			IEEE	Yalamanchili, Sisir; Lewis, Nathan S.; Atwater, Harry A.			Role of Doping Dependent Radiative and Non-radiative Recombination in Determining the Limiting Efficiencies of Silicon Solar Cells	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE		silicon; photovoltaic cells; limiting efficiency	LIFETIME	We show that increasing the bulk doping in a silicon based solar cell can increase the fraction of photo generated carriers that recombine radiatively at open circuit condition. This increases the maximum achievable open circuit voltage (V-oc) in a solar cell. At higher doping levels auger recombination and band gap narrowing effects dominate leading to a reduction in V-oc. Therefore radiative and non-radiative recombinations at V-oc determines the optimum doping of the bulk to maximize the performance especially in thin solar cells with increased surface area due to surface texturing.	[Yalamanchili, Sisir; Lewis, Nathan S.; Atwater, Harry A.] CALTECH, Dept Appl Phys & Mat Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Yalamanchili, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Appl Phys & Mat Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				National Science Foundation (NSF)National Science Foundation (NSF); Department of Energy (DOE) under NSF CAUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [EEC-1041895]	This material is based upon work supported in part by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and the Department of Energy (DOE) under NSF CA No. EEC-1041895. Any opinions, findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect those of NSF or DOE. The authors would like to thank Phil Jahelka and Colton Bukowsky for productive discussions.		17	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							3223	3226					4	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200403061					2020-09-09	
S	Boca, A; Grandidier, J; Stella, P; Chiu, P; Liu, XQ; Ermer, J; McPheeters, C; Kerestes, C; Sharps, P			IEEE	Boca, Andreea; Grandidier, Jonathan; Stella, Paul; Chiu, Philip; Liu, Xing-Quan; Ermer, James; McPheeters, Claiborne; Kerestes, Christopher; Sharps, Paul			Development of High-Performance Solar Cells for the Jupiter and Saturn Environments	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE		Jupiter; photovoltaic cells; Saturn; radiation hardening; space technology		Many of the mission targets that NASA and the planetary-science community are interested in are located in deep space, in the 5-10AU range. This provides compelling motivation to develop solar cells and arrays that are highly efficient in low irradiance low temperature (LILT) environments. We give several examples of the iterative process our team has employed to develop cell designs that optimize the performance at LILT. We also provide results on advanced-architecture devices that have already demonstrated very high efficiencies in the Jupiter and Saturn LILT and radiation environments, specifically four-junction inverted metamorphic and triple-junction upright metamorphic solar cells, respectively.	[Boca, Andreea; Grandidier, Jonathan; Stella, Paul] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Chiu, Philip; Liu, Xing-Quan; Ermer, James] Boeing Spectrolab Inc, Sylmar, CA 91342 USA; [McPheeters, Claiborne; Kerestes, Christopher; Sharps, Paul] SolAero Technol Corp, Albuquerque, NM 87123 USA	Boca, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		8	0	0	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							3324	3328					5	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200403085					2020-09-09	
S	Kelzenberg, MD; Espinet-Gonzalez, P; Vaidya, N; Warmann, EC; Naqavi, A; Loke, SP; Saive, P; Roy, TA; Vinogradova, TG; Leclerc, C; Gdoutos, EE; Royer, F; Fikes, A; Bohn, F; Abiri, B; Hashemi, MR; Gal-Katziri, M; Hajimiri, A; Pellegrino, S; Atwater, HA			IEEE	Kelzenberg, Michael D.; Espinet-Gonzalez, Pilar; Vaidya, Nina; Warmann, Emily C.; Naqavi, Ali; Loke, Samuel P.; Saive, Philipp; Roy, Tatiana A.; Vinogradova, Tatiana G.; Leclerc, Christophe; Gdoutos, Eleftherios E.; Royer, Fabien; Fikes, Austin; Bohn, Florian; Abiri, Behrooz; Hashemi, Mohammed R.; Gal-Katziri, Matan; Hajimiri, Ali; Pellegrino, Sergio; Atwater, Harry A.			Ultralight Energy Converter Tile for the Space Solar Power Initiative	2018 IEEE 7TH WORLD CONFERENCE ON PHOTOVOLTAIC ENERGY CONVERSION (WCPEC) (A JOINT CONFERENCE OF 45TH IEEE PVSC, 28TH PVSEC & 34TH EU PVSEC)	World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion WCPEC		English	Proceedings Paper	7th IEEE World Conference on Photovoltaic Energy Conversion (WCPEC) / A Joint Conference of 45th IEEE PVSC / 28th PVSEC / 34th EU PVSEC	JUN 10-15, 2018	Waikoloa, HI	IEEE				We have fabricated a functional prototype of an ultralight power converter tile; a modular building block for a space-based solar power system. The tile is similar to 10 x 15 cm in area, and weighs similar to 1.5 kg/m(2). It comprises a photovoltaic (PV) solar energy collector, a radio-frequency (RF) power converter, and an array of transmission antennas. The PV collector subassembly utilizes similar to 15x, 1D parabolic trough reflective concentrators with triple-junction (3J) solar cells. It has areal mass of similar to 0.8 kg/m(2), 74% optical efficiency, and a peak specific power of similar to 230 W/kg. We demonstrated wireless power transmission over a distance of similar to 50 cm in our lab. Analysis of the sources of mass and inefficiency suggest a path towards achieving dramatically higher performance with future designs.	[Kelzenberg, Michael D.; Espinet-Gonzalez, Pilar; Vaidya, Nina; Warmann, Emily C.; Naqavi, Ali; Loke, Samuel P.; Saive, Philipp; Roy, Tatiana A.; Vinogradova, Tatiana G.; Leclerc, Christophe; Gdoutos, Eleftherios E.; Royer, Fabien; Fikes, Austin; Bohn, Florian; Abiri, Behrooz; Hashemi, Mohammed R.; Gal-Katziri, Matan; Hajimiri, Ali; Pellegrino, Sergio; Atwater, Harry A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Kelzenberg, MD (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Royer, Fabien/AAW-9436-2020; Espinet-Gonzalez, Pilar/AAL-2086-2020					17	2	2	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2159-2330	2159-2349	978-1-5386-8529-7	WORL CON PHOTOVOLT E			2018							3357	3359					3	Green & Sustainable Science & Technology; Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BM8HY	WOS:000469200403092					2020-09-09	
S	Bhattacharjee, SD; Tolone, WJ; Elshambakey, M; Cho, I; Mahabal, A; Djorgovski, G		Abe, N; Liu, H; Pu, C; Hu, X; Ahmed, N; Qiao, M; Song, Y; Kossmann, D; Liu, B; Lee, K; Tang, J; He, J; Saltz, J		Bhattacharjee, Sreyasee Das; Tolone, William J.; Elshambakey, Mohammed; Cho, Isaac; Mahabal, Ashish; Djorgovski, George			Context-Aware Deep Sequence Learning with Multi-View Factor Pooling for Time Series Classification	2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON BIG DATA (BIG DATA)	IEEE International Conference on Big Data		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data)	DEC 10-13, 2018	Seattle, WA	IEEE, IEEE Comp Soc, Expedia Grp, Baidu, Squirrel AI Learning, Ankura, Springer		LSTM; RNN; Multi-view Classification; Deep Learning; Time-Series Data; Bilinear Pooling; Matrix Factorization		In this paper, we propose an effective, multi-view, multivariate deep classification model for time-series data. Multi-view methods show promise in their ability to learn correlation and exclusivity properties across different independent information resources. However, most current multi-view integration schemes employ only a linear model and, therefore, do not extensively utilize the relationships observed across different view-specific representations. Moreover, the majority of these methods rely exclusively on sophisticated, handcrafted features to capture local data patterns and, thus, depend heavily on large collections of labeled data. The multi-view, multivariate deep classification model for time-series data proposed in this paper makes important contributions to address these limitations. The proposed model derives a LSTM-based, deep feature descriptor to model both the view-specific data characteristics and cross-view interaction in an integrated deep architecture while driving the learning phase in a data-driven manner. The proposed model employs a compact context descriptor to exploit view-specific affinity information to design a more insightful context representation. Finally, the model uses a multi-view factor-pooling scheme for a context-driven attention learning strategy to weigh the most relevant feature dimensions while eliminating noise from the resulting fused descriptor. As shown by experiments, compared to the existing multi-view methods, the proposed multi-view deep sequential learning approach improves classification performance by roughly 4% in the UCI multi-view activity recognition dataset, while also showing significantly robust generalized representation capacity against its single-view counterparts, in classifying several large-scale multi-view light curve collections.	[Bhattacharjee, Sreyasee Das; Tolone, William J.; Elshambakey, Mohammed; Cho, Isaac] Univ N Carolina, Coll Comp & Informat, Charlotte, NC 28223 USA; [Mahabal, Ashish; Djorgovski, George] CALTECH, Dept Astron, Pasedona, CA USA	Bhattacharjee, SD (corresponding author), Univ N Carolina, Coll Comp & Informat, Charlotte, NC 28223 USA.		Bhattacharjee, Sreyasee Das/AAU-2313-2020		National Science Foundations (NSF) Data Infrastructure Building Blocks (DIBBs) Progam [1640818]	Funding for this research was provided by the National Science Foundations (NSF) Data Infrastructure Building Blocks (DIBBs) Progam under award #1640818.		28	0	0	1	4	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2639-1589		978-1-5386-5035-6	IEEE INT CONF BIG DA			2018							959	966					8	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BM7WO	WOS:000468499301004		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Li, T; Liu, XD; Su, SH		Abe, N; Liu, H; Pu, C; Hu, X; Ahmed, N; Qiao, M; Song, Y; Kossmann, D; Liu, B; Lee, K; Tang, J; He, J; Saltz, J		Li, Tao; Liu, Xudong; Su, Shihan			Semi-supervised Text Regression with Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks	2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON BIG DATA (BIG DATA)	IEEE International Conference on Big Data		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE International Conference on Big Data (Big Data)	DEC 10-13, 2018	Seattle, WA	IEEE, IEEE Comp Soc, Expedia Grp, Baidu, Squirrel AI Learning, Ankura, Springer				Enormous online textual information provides intriguing opportunities for understandings of social and economic semantics. In this paper, we propose a novel text regression model based on a conditional generative adversarial network (GAN), with an attempt to associate textual data and social outcomes in a semi-supervised manner. Besides promising potential of predicting capabilities, our superiorities are twofold: (i) the model works with unbalanced datasets of limited labelled data, which align with real-world scenarios; and (ii) predictions are obtained by an end-to-end framework, without explicitly selecting highlevel representations. Finally we point out related datasets for experiments and future research directions.	[Li, Tao] Purdue Univ, W Lafayette, IN 47907 USA; [Liu, Xudong] ObEN Inc, Pasadena, CA USA; [Su, Shihan] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Li, T (corresponding author), Purdue Univ, W Lafayette, IN 47907 USA.	taoli@purdue.edu; xudong@oben.com; ssu@caltech.edu						29	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2639-1589		978-1-5386-5035-6	IEEE INT CONF BIG DA			2018							5375	5377					3	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BM7WO	WOS:000468499305093		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
B	Port, D; Taber, B			ACM	Port, Dan; Taber, Bill			An Empirical Study of Process Policies and Metrics to Manage Productivity and Quality for Maintenance of Critical Software Systems at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory	PROCEEDINGS OF THE 12TH ACM/IEEE INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON EMPIRICAL SOFTWARE ENGINEERING AND MEASUREMENT (ESEM 2018)			English	Proceedings Paper	12th ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering and Measurement (ESEM) as part of the Empirical Software Engineering International Week (ESEIW)	OCT 11-12, 2018	Oulu, FINLAND	ACM, IEEE		software defect model; software maintenance; software reliability; software quality; software productivity		Context/Background: The Mission Design and Navigation Software (MDN) Group at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) develops and continuously maintains software systems critical for NASA deep space missions. Given limited budgets, staffing resources, and a time critical need for repair or enhancement, there is an ever-present temptation to sacrifice quality for higher productivity or slip release target to ensure better quality. We have learned that poor management of this increases risk of mission failure. As a result, our process must be both highly productive and maintain high quality (e.g. reliability, maintainability, usability). Inspired by the "quality is free" paradigm, we have instituted a set of "Rapid Release" maintenance process policies and measures aimed to continually manage productivity and quality. Six Rapid Release polices were established from well-known engineering principles and best practices to address specific issues of concern encountered in the development phase. However, due to the critically of our systems, we must have objective assurance that our developers are following the six policies and that they are demonstratively effective in addressing the areas of concern. Goal: Investigate if Rapid Release as currently implemented is effective in achieving effects and impacts as expected from principles and best practice beliefs. Additionally, determine practical methods to assure compliance and performance to Rapid Release policies and determine if any adjustments to policy or practice is needed. Method: We have over 15 years of reliable and accurate quality and productivity process data for Monte, a critical system currently in continual operation and maintenance. Time series cross-correlation analyses on this data is used to compare process productivity and quality characteristics pre- and post-implementation of Rapid Release. Results: We find strong evidence, that for Monte: (1) there is continual risk due to productivity and quality tradeoffs, (2) the majority of the Rapid Release policies are being complied with, and (3) the policies have been effective in managing this risk. Conclusions: High productivity and high quality in maintenance of our critical systems requires more than implementing policy based on belief. The process must be monitored to assure that policies are adhered to and are effective in producing the results desired.	[Port, Dan] Univ Hawaii, Shidler Coll Business, Informat Technol Management, Honolulu, HI 96822 USA; [Taber, Bill] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Mission Design & Nav, Software Grp, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Port, D (corresponding author), Univ Hawaii, Shidler Coll Business, Informat Technol Management, Honolulu, HI 96822 USA.	dport@hawaii.edu; William.L.Taber@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		9	1	1	0	1	ASSOC COMPUTING MACHINERY	NEW YORK	1515 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10036-9998 USA			978-1-4503-5823-1				2018									37	10.1145/3239235.3268925			10	Computer Science, Software Engineering; Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BM8PJ	WOS:000469776800037					2020-09-09	
S	Albertsson, K; Altoe, P; Anderson, D; Andrews, M; Espinosa, JPA; Aurisano, A; Basara, L; Bevan, A; Bhimji, W; Bonacorsi, D; Calafiura, P; Campanelli, M; Capps, L; Carminati, F; Carrazza, S; Childers, T; Coniavitis, E; Cranmer, K; David, C; Davis, D; Duarte, J; Erdmann, M; Eschle, J; Farbin, A; Feickert, M; Castro, NF; Fitzpatrick, C; Floris, M; Forti, A; Garra-Tico, J; Gemmler, J; Girone, M; Glaysher, P; Gleyzer, S; Gligorov, V; Golling, T; Graw, J; Gray, L; Greenwood, D; Hacker, T; Harvey, J; Hegner, B; Heinrich, L; Hooberman, B; Junggeburth, J; Kagan, M; Kane, M; Kanishchev, K; Karpinski, P; Kassabov, Z; Kaul, G; Kcira, D; Keck, T; Klimentov, A; Kowalkowski, J; Kreczko, L; Kurepin, A; Kutschke, R; Kuznetsov, V; Kohler, N; Lakomov, I; Lannon, K; Lassnig, M; Limosani, A; Louppe, G; Mangu, A; Mato, P; Meinhard, H; Menasce, D; Moneta, L; Moortgat, S; Narain, M; Neubauer, M; Newman, H; Pabst, H; Paganini, M; Paulini, M; Perdue, G; Perez, U; Picazio, A; Pivarski, J; Prosper, H; Psihas, F; Radovic, A; Reece, R; Rinkevicius, A; Rodrigues, E; Rorie, J; Rousseau, D; Sauers, A; Schramm, S; Schwartzman, A; Severini, H; Seyfert, P; Siroky, F; Skazytkin, K; Sokoloff, M; Stewart, G; Stienen, B; Stockdale, I; Strong, G; Thais, S; Tomko, K; Upfal, E; Usai, E; Ustyuzhanin, A; Vala, M; Vallecorsa, S; Vasel, J; Verzetti, M; Vilasis-Cardona, X; Vlimant, JR; Vukotic, I; Wang, SJ; Watts, G; Williams, M; Wu, WJ; Wunsch, S; Zapata, O			IOP	Albertsson, Kim; Altoe, Piero; Anderson, Dustin; Andrews, Michael; Espinosa, Juan Pedro Araque; Aurisano, Adam; Basara, Laurent; Bevan, Adrian; Bhimji, Wahid; Bonacorsi, Daniele; Calafiura, Paolo; Campanelli, Mario; Capps, Louis; Carminati, Federico; Carrazza, Stefano; Childers, Taylor; Coniavitis, Elias; Cranmer, Kyle; David, Claire; Davis, Douglas; Duarte, Javier; Erdmann, Martin; Eschle, Jonas; Farbin, Amir; Feickert, Matthew; Castro, Nuno Filipe; Fitzpatrick, Conor; Floris, Michele; Forti, Alessandra; Garra-Tico, Jordi; Gemmler, Jochen; Girone, Maria; Glaysher, Paul; Gleyzer, Sergei; Gligorov, Vladimir; Golling, Tobias; Graw, Jonas; Gray, Lindsey; Greenwood, Dick; Hacker, Thomas; Harvey, John; Hegner, Benedikt; Heinrich, Lukas; Hooberman, Ben; Junggeburth, Johannes; Kagan, Michael; Kane, Meghan; Kanishchev, Konstantin; Karpinski, Przemyslaw; Kassabov, Zahari; Kaul, Gaurav; Kcira, Dorian; Keck, Thomas; Klimentov, Alexei; Kowalkowski, Jim; Kreczko, Luke; Kurepin, Alexander; Kutschke, Rob; Kuznetsov, Valentin; Kohler, Nicolas; Lakomov, Igor; Lannon, Kevin; Lassnig, Mario; Limosani, Antonio; Louppe, Gilles; Mangu, Aashrita; Mato, Pere; Meinhard, Helge; Menasce, Dario; Moneta, Lorenzo; Moortgat, Seth; Narain, Meenakshi; Neubauer, Mark; Newman, Harvey; Pabst, Hans; Paganini, Michela; Paulini, Manfred; Perdue, Gabriel; Perez, Uzziel; Picazio, Attilio; Pivarski, Jim; Prosper, Harrison; Psihas, Fernanda; Radovic, Alexander; Reece, Ryan; Rinkevicius, Aurelius; Rodrigues, Eduardo; Rorie, Jamal; Rousseau, David; Sauers, Aaron; Schramm, Steven; Schwartzman, Ariel; Severini, Horst; Seyfert, Paul; Siroky, Filip; Skazytkin, Konstantin; Sokoloff, Mike; Stewart, Graeme; Stienen, Bob; Stockdale, Ian; Strong, Giles; Thais, Savannah; Tomko, Karen; Upfal, Eli; Usai, Emanuele; Ustyuzhanin, Andrey; Vala, Martin; Vallecorsa, Sofia; Vasel, Justin; Verzetti, Mauro; Vilasis-Cardona, Xavier; Vlimant, Jean-Roch; Vukotic, Ilija; Wang, Sean-Jiun; Watts, Gordon; Williams, Michael; Wu, Wenjing; Wunsch, Stefan; Zapata, Omar			Machine Learning in High Energy Physics Community White Paper	18TH INTERNATIONAL WORKSHOP ON ADVANCED COMPUTING AND ANALYSIS TECHNIQUES IN PHYSICS RESEARCH (ACAT2017)	Journal of Physics Conference Series		English	Proceedings Paper	18th International Workshop on Advanced Computing and Analysis Techniques in Physics Research (ACAT)	AUG 21-25, 2017	Univ Washington, Seattle, WA		Univ Washington			Machine learning is an important applied research area in particle physics, beginning with applications to high-level physics analysis in the 1990s and 2000s, followed by an explosion of applications in particle and event identification and reconstruction in the 2010s. In this document we discuss promising future research and development areas in machine learning in particle physics with a roadmap for their implementation, software and hardware resource requirements, collaborative initiatives with the data science community, academia and industry, and training the particle physics community in data science. The main objective of the document is to connect and motivate these areas of research and development with the physics drivers of the High-Luminosity Large Hadron Collider and future neutrino experiments and identify the resource needs for their implementation. Additionally we identify areas where collaboration with external communities will be of great benefit.	[Albertsson, Kim] Lulea Univ Technol, Lulea, Sweden; [Altoe, Piero; Capps, Louis; Graw, Jonas] NVidia, Santa Clara, CA USA; [Anderson, Dustin; Kcira, Dorian; Newman, Harvey; Vlimant, Jean-Roch] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Andrews, Michael; Paulini, Manfred] Carnegie Mellon Univ, Pittsburgh, PA 15213 USA; [Espinosa, Juan Pedro Araque; Castro, Nuno Filipe; Strong, Giles] LIP Lisboa, Lisbon, Portugal; [Aurisano, Adam; Rodrigues, Eduardo; Sokoloff, Mike] Univ Cincinnati, Cincinnati, OH 45221 USA; [Basara, Laurent; Kanishchev, Konstantin] Univ Padua, Padua, Italy; [Basara, Laurent; Kanishchev, Konstantin] INFN, Padua, Italy; [Bevan, Adrian; Campanelli, Mario] Univ London, London, England; [Bhimji, Wahid; Calafiura, Paolo] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Berkeley, CA USA; [Bonacorsi, Daniele] Univ Bologna, Bologna, Italy; [Bonacorsi, Daniele] INFN, Bologna, Italy; [Carminati, Federico; Carrazza, Stefano; Floris, Michele; Girone, Maria; Harvey, John; Hegner, Benedikt; Karpinski, Przemyslaw; Lakomov, Igor; Lassnig, Mario; Mato, Pere; Meinhard, Helge; Moneta, Lorenzo; Seyfert, Paul] CERN, Geneva, Switzerland; [Childers, Taylor] Argonne Natl Lab, Argonne, IL 60439 USA; [Coniavitis, Elias] Univ Freiburg, Freiburg, Germany; [Cranmer, Kyle; Heinrich, Lukas; Louppe, Gilles] NYU, New York, NY 10003 USA; [David, Claire; Glaysher, Paul] Deutsches Elektronen Synchrotron, Hamburg, Germany; [Davis, Douglas] Duke Univ, Durham, NC 27706 USA; [Duarte, Javier; Gray, Lindsey; Kowalkowski, Jim; Kutschke, Rob; Perdue, Gabriel; Sauers, Aaron] Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, Batavia, IL 60510 USA; [Erdmann, Martin] Rhein Westfal TH Aachen, Aachen, Germany; [Eschle, Jonas] Univ Zurich, Zurich, Switzerland; [Farbin, Amir] Univ Texas Arlington, Arlington, TX 76019 USA; [Feickert, Matthew] Southern Methodist Univ, Dallas, TX 75275 USA; [Fitzpatrick, Conor] Ecole Polytech Fed Lausanne, Lausanne, Switzerland; [Forti, Alessandra] Univ Manchester, Manchester, Lancs, England; [Garra-Tico, Jordi] Univ Cambridge, Cambridge, England; [Gemmler, Jochen; Keck, Thomas; Wunsch, Stefan] Karlsruhe Inst Technol, Karlsruhe, Germany; [Gleyzer, Sergei; Wang, Sean-Jiun] Univ Florida, Gainesville, FL 32611 USA; [Gligorov, Vladimir] CNRS, Paris, France; [Golling, Tobias; Schramm, Steven] Univ Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland; [Greenwood, Dick] Louisiana Tech Univ, Ruston, LA 71270 USA; [Hacker, Thomas] Purdue Univ, W Lafayette, IN 47907 USA; [Hooberman, Ben; Neubauer, Mark] Univ Illinois, Champaign, IL USA; [Junggeburth, Johannes; Kohler, Nicolas] Max Planck Inst Phys & Astrophys, Munich, Germany; [Kagan, Michael; Schwartzman, Ariel] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Menlo Pk, CA USA; [Kane, Meghan] SoundCloud, Berlin, Germany; [Kassabov, Zahari] Univ Milan, Milan, Italy; [Kaul, Gaurav; Pabst, Hans] Intel, Santa Clara, CA USA; [Klimentov, Alexei] Brookhaven Natl Lab, Upton, NY 11973 USA; [Kreczko, Luke] Univ Bristol, Bristol, Avon, England; [Kurepin, Alexander; Skazytkin, Konstantin] Russian Acad Sci, Moscow, Russia; [Kuznetsov, Valentin; Rinkevicius, Aurelius] Cornell Univ, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA; [Lannon, Kevin] Univ Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA; [Limosani, Antonio] Univ Melbourne, Melbourne, Vic, Australia; [Mangu, Aashrita] Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Menasce, Dario] Univ Milano Bicocca, Milano Bicocca, Italy; [Menasce, Dario] INFN, Milano Bicocca, Italy; [Moortgat, Seth] Vrije Univ Brussel, Brussels, Belgium; [Narain, Meenakshi; Upfal, Eli; Usai, Emanuele] Brown Univ, Providence, RI 02912 USA; [Paganini, Michela; Thais, Savannah] Yale Univ, New Haven, CT 06520 USA; [Perez, Uzziel] Univ Alabama, Tuscaloosa, AL 35487 USA; [Picazio, Attilio] Univ Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003 USA; [Pivarski, Jim] Princeton Univ, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Prosper, Harrison] Florida State Univ, Tallahassee, FL 32306 USA; [Psihas, Fernanda] Indiana Univ, Bloomington, IN 47405 USA; [Radovic, Alexander] Coll William & Mary, Williamsburg, VA 23187 USA; [Reece, Ryan] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Rorie, Jamal] Rice Univ, Houston, TX 77251 USA; [Rousseau, David] Univ Paris Sud 11, Paris, France; [Severini, Horst] Univ Oklahoma, Norman, OK 73019 USA; [Siroky, Filip] Masaryk Univ, Brno, Czech Republic; [Stewart, Graeme] Univ Glasgow, Glasgow, Lanark, Scotland; [Stienen, Bob] Radboud Univ Nijmegen, Nijmegen, Netherlands; [Stockdale, Ian] Altair Engn, Troy, MI USA; [Tomko, Karen] Ohio Supercomp Ctr, Columbus, OH USA; [Ustyuzhanin, Andrey] Yandex Sch Data Analysis, Tel Aviv, Israel; [Vala, Martin] Tech Univ Kosice, Kosice, Slovakia; [Vallecorsa, Sofia] Gangneung Wonju Natl Univ, Kangnung, South Korea; [Vasel, Justin] Indiana Univ, Bloomington, IN 47405 USA; [Verzetti, Mauro] Univ Rochester, Rochester, NY 14627 USA; [Vilasis-Cardona, Xavier] Univ Barcelona, Barcelona, Spain; [Vukotic, Ilija] Univ Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Watts, Gordon] Univ Washington, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [Williams, Michael] MIT, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Wu, Wenjing] Chinese Acad Sci, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Zapata, Omar] OProject, Medellin, Antioquia, Colombia; [Zapata, Omar] Univ Antioquia, Medellin, Antioquia, Colombia	Gleyzer, S (corresponding author), Univ Florida, Gainesville, FL 32611 USA.	Sergei.Gleyzer@cern.ch	Klimentov, Alexei A/I-4270-2013; Castro, Nuno/AAB-3648-2019; Gleyzer, Sergei/AAE-6726-2020; Duarte, Javier/AAA-5414-2020; Carrazza, Stefano/D-8412-2017; Louppe, Gilles/D-1923-2017	Castro, Nuno/0000-0001-8491-4376; Gleyzer, Sergei/0000-0002-6222-8102; Duarte, Javier/0000-0002-5076-7096; Carrazza, Stefano/0000-0002-0079-6753; Louppe, Gilles/0000-0002-2082-3106; Eschle, Jonas/0000-0002-7312-3699; Erdmann, Martin/0000-0002-1653-1303				50	15	15	3	4	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	DIRAC HOUSE, TEMPLE BACK, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1742-6588	1742-6596		J PHYS CONF SER			2018	1085								UNSP 022008	10.1088/1742-6596/1085/2/022008			27	Computer Science, Interdisciplinary Applications; Physics, Multidisciplinary	Computer Science; Physics	BM7GU	WOS:000467872200008		Green Accepted, Other Gold			2020-09-09	
S	Azzolini, V; Borisyak, M; Cerminara, G; Derkach, D; Franzoni, G; De Guio, F; Koval, O; Pierini, M; Pol, A; Ratnikov, F; Siroky, F; Ustyuzhanin, A; Vlimant, JR			IOP	Azzolini, V.; Borisyak, M.; Cerminara, G.; Derkach, D.; Franzoni, G.; De Guio, F.; Koval, O.; Pierini, M.; Pol, A.; Ratnikov, F.; Siroky, F.; Ustyuzhanin, A.; Vlimant, J-R.			Deep learning for inferring cause of data anomalies	18TH INTERNATIONAL WORKSHOP ON ADVANCED COMPUTING AND ANALYSIS TECHNIQUES IN PHYSICS RESEARCH (ACAT2017)	Journal of Physics Conference Series		English	Proceedings Paper	18th International Workshop on Advanced Computing and Analysis Techniques in Physics Research (ACAT)	AUG 21-25, 2017	Univ Washington, Seattle, WA		Univ Washington			Daily operation of a large-scale experiment is a resource consuming task, particularly from perspectives of routine data quality monitoring. Typically, data comes from different sub-detectors and the global quality of data depends on the combinatorial performance of each of them. In this paper, the problem of identifying channels in which anomalies occurred is considered. We introduce a generic deep learning model and prove that, under reasonable assumptions, the model learns to identify 'channels' which are affected by an anomaly. Such model could be used for data quality manager cross-check and assistance and identifying good channels in anomalous data samples. The main novelty of the method is that the model does not require ground truth labels for each channel, only global flag is used. This effectively distinguishes the model from classical classification methods. Being applied to CMS data collected in the year 2010, this approach proves its ability to decompose anomaly by separate channels.	[Azzolini, V.] MIT, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Borisyak, M.; Derkach, D.; Ratnikov, F.; Ustyuzhanin, A.] Natl Res Univ Higher Sch Econ, Moscow, Russia; [Borisyak, M.; Derkach, D.; Koval, O.; Ratnikov, F.; Ustyuzhanin, A.] Yandex Sch Data Anal, Moscow, Russia; [Cerminara, G.; Franzoni, G.; Pierini, M.; Siroky, F.] CERN, European Org Nucl Res, Geneva, Switzerland; [De Guio, F.] Texas Tech Univ, Lubbock, TX 79409 USA; [Koval, O.] Skolkovo Inst Sci & Technol, Moscow, Russia; [Pol, A.] Univ Paris Saclay, Paris, France; [Vlimant, J-R.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ratnikov, F (corresponding author), Natl Res Univ Higher Sch Econ, Moscow, Russia.; Ratnikov, F (corresponding author), Yandex Sch Data Anal, Moscow, Russia.	fratnikov@hse.ru	Ratnikov, Fedor/D-5137-2016	Pol, Adrian Alan/0000-0002-9034-0230; Pierini, Maurizio/0000-0003-1939-4268	Russian Science FoundationRussian Science Foundation (RSF) [17-72-20127]	The research leading to these results was partly supported by Russian Science Foundation under grant agreement No 17-72-20127.		4	0	0	0	0	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	DIRAC HOUSE, TEMPLE BACK, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1742-6588	1742-6596		J PHYS CONF SER			2018	1085								UNSP 042015	10.1088/1742-6596/1085/4/042015			6	Computer Science, Interdisciplinary Applications; Physics, Multidisciplinary	Computer Science; Physics	BM7GU	WOS:000467872200081		Green Accepted, Bronze			2020-09-09	
S	Tsaris, A; Anderson, D; Bendavid, J; Calafiura, P; Cerati, G; Esseiva, J; Farrell, S; Gray, L; Kapoor, K; Kowalkowski, J; Mudigonda, M; Prabhat; Spentzouris, P; Spiropoulou, M; Vlimant, JR; Zheng, S; Zurawski, D			IOP	Tsaris, Aristeidis; Anderson, Dustin; Bendavid, Josh; Calafiura, Paolo; Cerati, Giuseppe; Esseiva, Julien; Farrell, Steven; Gray, Lindsey; Kapoor, Keshav; Kowalkowski, Jim; Mudigonda, Mayur; Prabhat; Spentzouris, Panagiotis; Spiropoulou, Maria; Vlimant, Jean-Roch; Zheng, Stephan; Zurawski, Daniel			The HEP.TrkX Project: Deep Learning for Particle Tracking	18TH INTERNATIONAL WORKSHOP ON ADVANCED COMPUTING AND ANALYSIS TECHNIQUES IN PHYSICS RESEARCH (ACAT2017)	Journal of Physics Conference Series		English	Proceedings Paper	18th International Workshop on Advanced Computing and Analysis Techniques in Physics Research (ACAT)	AUG 21-25, 2017	Univ Washington, Seattle, WA		Univ Washington			Charged particle reconstruction in dense environments, such as the detectors of the High Luminosity Large Hadron Collider (HL-LHC) is a challenging pattern recognition problem. Traditional tracking algorithms, such as the combinatorial Kalman Filter, have been used with great success in HEP experiments for years. However, these state-of-the-art techniques are inherently sequential and scale quadratically or worse with increased detector occupancy. The HEP.TrkX project is a pilot project with the aim to identify and develop cross-experiment solutions based on machine learning algorithms for track reconstruction. Machine learning algorithms bring a lot of potential to this problem thanks to their capability to model complex non-linear data dependencies, to learn effective representations of high-dimensional data through training, and to parallelize easily on high-throughput architectures such as FPGAs or GPUs. In this paper we present the evolution and performance of our recurrent (LSTM) and convolutional neural networks moving from basic 2D models to more complex models and the challenges of scaling up to realistic dimensionality/sparsity.	[Tsaris, Aristeidis; Cerati, Giuseppe; Gray, Lindsey; Kapoor, Keshav; Kowalkowski, Jim; Spentzouris, Panagiotis; Zurawski, Daniel] Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, POB 500, Batavia, IL 60510 USA; [Calafiura, Paolo; Esseiva, Julien; Farrell, Steven; Mudigonda, Mayur; Prabhat] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Berkeley, CA USA; [Anderson, Dustin; Bendavid, Josh; Spiropoulou, Maria; Vlimant, Jean-Roch; Zheng, Stephan] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Esseiva, Julien] Haute Ecole Specialis Suisse Occidentale, Fribourg, Switzerland	Tsaris, A (corresponding author), Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, POB 500, Batavia, IL 60510 USA.	atsaris@fnal.gov			DOE ASCR; COMP HEP	The authors would like to thank the funding agencies DOE ASCR and COMP HEP for supporting this work, as well as the numerous tracking experts from ATLAS and CMS who have shared insights and experience.		7	5	5	0	1	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	DIRAC HOUSE, TEMPLE BACK, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1742-6588	1742-6596		J PHYS CONF SER			2018	1085								UNSP 042023	10.1088/1742-6596/1085/4/042023			7	Computer Science, Interdisciplinary Applications; Physics, Multidisciplinary	Computer Science; Physics	BM7GU	WOS:000467872200089		Bronze, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Liu, CL; Vaidyanathan, PP		Matthews, MB		Liu, Chun-Lin; Vaidyanathan, P. P.			Optimizing Minimum Redundancy Arrays for Robustness	2018 CONFERENCE RECORD OF 52ND ASILOMAR CONFERENCE ON SIGNALS, SYSTEMS, AND COMPUTERS	Conference Record of the Asilomar Conference on Signals Systems and Computers		English	Proceedings Paper	52nd Asilomar Conference on Signals, Systems, and Computers	OCT 28-NOV 01, 2018	Pacific Grove, CA	IEEE Signal Proc Soc		Sparse arrays; minimum redundancy arrays; difference coarray; robustness; fragility		Sparse arrays have received considerable attention due to their capability of resolving O(N-2) uncorrelated sources with N physical sensors, unlike the uniform linear array (ULA) which identifies at most N - 1 sources. This is because sparse arrays have an O(N-2)-long ULA segment in the difference coarray, defined as the set of differences between sensor locations. Among the existing array configurations, minimum redundancy arrays (MRA) have the largest ULA segment in the difference coarray with no holes. However, in practice, ULA is robust, in the sense of coarray invariance to sensor failure, but MRA is not. This paper proposes a novel array geometry, named as the robust MRA (RMRA), that maximizes the size of the hole-free difference coarray subject to the same level of robustness as ULA. The RMRA can be found by solving an integer program, which is computationally expensive. Even so, it will be shown that the RMRA still owns O(N-2) elements in the hole-free difference coarray. In particular, for sufficiently large N, the aperture fur RMRA, which is approximately half of the size of the difference coarray, is bounded between 0.0625 N-2 and 0.2174N(2-1).	[Liu, Chun-Lin] Natl Taiwan Univ, Grad Inst Commun Engn, Dept Elect Engn, Taipei 10617, Taiwan; [Vaidyanathan, P. P.] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Liu, CL (corresponding author), Natl Taiwan Univ, Grad Inst Commun Engn, Dept Elect Engn, Taipei 10617, Taiwan.	chunlinliu@ntu.edu.tw; ppvnath@systems.caltech.edu			ONROffice of Naval Research [N00014-17-1-2732, N00014-18-1-2390]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF-1712633]; California Institute of Technology, the Ministry of Education, Taiwan, R.O.C, under Yushan Young Scholar Program [NTU-107V0902]; National Taiwan UniversityNational Taiwan University	This work was supported in parts by the ONR grants N00014-17-1-2732 and N00014-18-1-2390, the NSF grant CCF-1712633, the California Institute of Technology, the Ministry of Education, Taiwan, R.O.C, under Yushan Young Scholar Program (Grant No. NTU-107V0902), and National Taiwan University.		16	2	3	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1058-6393		978-1-5386-9218-9	CONF REC ASILOMAR C			2018							79	83					5	Computer Science, Information Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Computer Science; Engineering; Telecommunications	BM7FG	WOS:000467845100014					2020-09-09	
S	Teke, O; Vaidyanathan, PP		Matthews, MB		Teke, Oguzhan; Vaidyanathan, P. P.			Asynchronous Nonlinear Updates on Graphs	2018 CONFERENCE RECORD OF 52ND ASILOMAR CONFERENCE ON SIGNALS, SYSTEMS, AND COMPUTERS	Conference Record of the Asilomar Conference on Signals Systems and Computers		English	Proceedings Paper	52nd Asilomar Conference on Signals, Systems, and Computers	OCT 28-NOV 01, 2018	Pacific Grove, CA	IEEE Signal Proc Soc		Autonomous networks; nonlinear filters; randomized iterations; autonomous clustering		The notion of graph shift, introduced recently in graph signal processing, extends many classical signal processing techniques to graphs. Its practical importance follows from its localization: a single graph shift requires nodes to communicate only with their neighbors. However, conummications should happen simultaneously, which requires a synchronization over the graph. In order to overcome this restriction, recent studies consider a random asynchronous variant of the graph shift, which is also suitable for autonomous networks. A graph signal under this randomized scheme is shown to converge (under mild conditions) to an eigenvector of the eigenvalue 1 of the operator even if the operator has other eigenvalues with magnitudes larger than unity. If the eigenvalue 1 does not exist, the operator can be easily normalized in theory. However, in practice, the normalization requires one to know the (dominant) eigenvalues, which may not be possible to obtain in large autonomous networks. To eliminate this limitation, this study considers the use of a nonlinearity in the updates making the scheme similar in spirit to the HoptieId neural network model. Our simulation results show that a graph signal still approaches the eigenvector of the dominant eigenvalue although the convergence is not exact. Nevertheless, approximation is sufficient to accomplish certain tasks including autonomous clustering.	[Teke, Oguzhan; Vaidyanathan, P. P.] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Teke, O (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	oteke@caltech.edu; ppvnath@systems.caltech.edu			ONROffice of Naval Research [N00014-17-1-2732, N00014-18-1-2390]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF-1712633]; Electrical Engineering Carver Mead Research Seed Fund of the California Institute of Technology	This work was supported in parts by the ONR grants N00014-17-1-2732 and N00014-18-1-2390, the NSF grant CCF-1712633, and the Electrical Engineering Carver Mead Research Seed Fund of the California Institute of Technology.		13	3	3	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1058-6393		978-1-5386-9218-9	CONF REC ASILOMAR C			2018							998	1002					5	Computer Science, Information Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Computer Science; Engineering; Telecommunications	BM7FG	WOS:000467845100176					2020-09-09	
S	Tenneti, SV; Vaidyanathan, PP		Matthews, MB		Tenneti, Srikanth V.; Vaidyanathan, P. P.			Absence Seizure Detection Using Ramanujan Filter Banks	2018 CONFERENCE RECORD OF 52ND ASILOMAR CONFERENCE ON SIGNALS, SYSTEMS, AND COMPUTERS	Conference Record of the Asilomar Conference on Signals Systems and Computers		English	Proceedings Paper	52nd Asilomar Conference on Signals, Systems, and Computers	OCT 28-NOV 01, 2018	Pacific Grove, CA	IEEE Signal Proc Soc			REPRESENTATIONS; EPILEPSY; CONTEXT; SUMS; EEG	Absence seizures arc a type of generalized seizures characterized by a 3 Hz periodic spike and wave discharge pattern in the Electroencephalogram (EEG). The most common way to diagnose them is by detecting such periodic patterns in a patient's EEG. Recently, a new method known as Ramanujan Filter Bank (RFB) was proposed for identifying, estimating and localizing periodicities in data. The RFB was shown to offer important advantages over traditional period estimation techniques in DSP. In this work, we demonstrate that the RFB offers very useful diagnostic information when applied to EEG signals from absence-seizure patients(1).	[Tenneti, Srikanth V.; Vaidyanathan, P. P.] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Tenneti, SV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	stenneti@caltech.edu; ppvnath@systems.caltech.edu			ONROffice of Naval Research [N00014-17-12732, N00014-18-1-2390]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF-1712633]; Amazon post doctoral fellowship facilitated through the Information Science and Technology (IST) initiative at Caltech	This work was supported in parts by the ONR grants N00014-17-12732 and N00014-18-1-2390, the NSF grant CCF-1712633, and an Amazon post doctoral fellowship facilitated through the Information Science and Technology (IST) initiative at Caltech.		17	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1058-6393		978-1-5386-9218-9	CONF REC ASILOMAR C			2018							1913	1917					5	Computer Science, Information Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Computer Science; Engineering; Telecommunications	BM7FG	WOS:000467845100336					2020-09-09	
S	Tenneti, SV; Vaidyanathan, PP		Matthews, MB		Tenneti, Srikanth V.; Vaidyanathan, P. P.			Minimal Non-Uniform Sampling For Multi-Dimensional Period Identification	2018 CONFERENCE RECORD OF 52ND ASILOMAR CONFERENCE ON SIGNALS, SYSTEMS, AND COMPUTERS	Conference Record of the Asilomar Conference on Signals Systems and Computers		English	Proceedings Paper	52nd Asilomar Conference on Signals, Systems, and Computers	OCT 28-NOV 01, 2018	Pacific Grove, CA	IEEE Signal Proc Soc		Multidimensional periodicity; period estimation; sparse sampling; non-uniform sampling		This paper addresses a fundamental question in the context of multi-dimensional periodicity. Namely, to distinguish between two N-dimensional periodic patterns, what is the least number of (possibly non-contiguous) samples that need to be observed? This question was only recently addressed for one-dimensional signals. This paper generalizes those results to AT dimensional signals. It will be shown that the optimal sampling pattern takes the form of sparse and uniformly separated bunches. Apart from new theoretical insights, this paper's results may provide the foundation for fast N-dimensional period recognition algorithms that use minimal number of samples'.	[Tenneti, Srikanth V.; Vaidyanathan, P. P.] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Tenneti, SV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	stenneti@caltech.edu; ppvnath@systems.caltech.edu			ONROffice of Naval Research [N00014-17-1-2732, N00014-18-1-2390]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF-1712633]; Amazon post doctoral fellowship facilitated through the Information Science and Technology (IST) initiative at Caltech	This work was supported in parts by the ONR grants N00014-17-1-2732 and N00014-18-1-2390, the NSF grant CCF-1712633, and an Amazon post doctoral fellowship facilitated through the Information Science and Technology (IST) initiative at Caltech.		14	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1058-6393		978-1-5386-9218-9	CONF REC ASILOMAR C			2018							2104	2108					5	Computer Science, Information Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Computer Science; Engineering; Telecommunications	BM7FG	WOS:000467845100371					2020-09-09	
S	Li, TX			IEEE	Li, Tongxin			Maximum Likelihood Upper Bounds on the Capacities of Discrete Information Stable Channels	2018 IEEE INFORMATION THEORY WORKSHOP (ITW)	Information Theory Workshop		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Information Theory Workshop (ITW)	NOV 25-29, 2018	Guangzhou, PEOPLES R CHINA	IEEE, Sun Yat Sen Univ		Information Stable Channels; Channel Capacity	DELETION CHANNELS; COMPUTATION; ALGORITHM	Motivated by generating information stable processes greedily, we prove a universal maximum likelihood (ML) upper bound on the capacities of discrete information stable channels. The bound is derived leveraging a system of equations obtained via the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (KKT) conditions. Intriguingly, for some discrete memoryless channels (DMCs), for instance, the BEC and BSC, the associated upper bounds are tight and equal to their capacities. Furthermore, for discrete channels with memory, as a particular example, we apply the ML bound to the BDC. The derived upper bound is a sum-max function related to counting the number of possible ways that a length-m binary subsequence that can be obtained by deleting n - m bits (with n - m close to nd and d denotes the deletion probability) of a length-n binary sequence.	[Li, Tongxin] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Li, TX (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	tongxin@caltech.edu	Li, Tongxin/AAE-5390-2020					26	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2475-420X		978-1-5386-3599-5	INFO THEOR WORKSH			2018							245	249					5	Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BM7FK	WOS:000467849900050					2020-09-09	
S	Yu, Q; Raviv, N; Avestimehr, AS			IEEE	Yu, Qian; Raviv, Netanel; Avestimehr, A. Salman			Coding for Private and Secure Multiparty Computing	2018 IEEE INFORMATION THEORY WORKSHOP (ITW)	Information Theory Workshop		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Information Theory Workshop (ITW)	NOV 25-29, 2018	Guangzhou, PEOPLES R CHINA	IEEE, Sun Yat Sen Univ				We consider the problem of secure and private multiparty computation (MPC), in which the goal is to compute a general polynomial function distributedly over several workers, while keeping them oblivious to the content of the dataset, and preventing them from maliciously affecting the computation result. We demonstrate the role of Lagrange Coded Computing (LCC), a recently proposed coded computing technique that can be applied to general polynomial computations, on enabling secure and private MPC. We show that LCC offers both private and secure computation simultaneously, and is universal in the sense that all polynomials up to a certain degree can be computed on the same encoding. We also demonstrate that LCC achieves an optimal tradeoff between privacy and security, and requires a minimal amount of added randomness for privacy. Compared to prevalent algorithms in MPC (in particular the celebrated BGW scheme), we show that LCC significantly improves the storage, communication, and secret-sharing overhead needed for MPC.	[Yu, Qian; Avestimehr, A. Salman] Univ Southern Calif, Dept Elect Engn, Los Angeles, CA 90089 USA; [Raviv, Netanel] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Yu, Q (corresponding author), Univ Southern Calif, Dept Elect Engn, Los Angeles, CA 90089 USA.				Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA)United States Department of DefenseDefense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) [HR001117C0053]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF-1763673, CCF-1703575]	This material is based upon work supported by Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) under Contract No. HR001117C0053. The views, opinions, and/or findings expressed are those of the author(s) and should not be interpreted as representing the official views or policies of the Department of Defense or the U.S. Government. This work is also supported by NSF Grants CCF-1763673 and CCF-1703575.		20	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2475-420X		978-1-5386-3599-5	INFO THEOR WORKSH			2018							360	364					5	Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BM7FK	WOS:000467849900073					2020-09-09	
S	Yildiz, H; Hassibi, B			IEEE	Yildiz, Hikmet; Hassibi, Babak			Optimum Linear Codes with Support Constraints over Small Fields	2018 IEEE INFORMATION THEORY WORKSHOP (ITW)	Information Theory Workshop		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Information Theory Workshop (ITW)	NOV 25-29, 2018	Guangzhou, PEOPLES R CHINA	IEEE, Sun Yat Sen Univ		Linear codes; minimum distance		We consider the problem of designing optimal linear codes ( in terms of having the largest minimum distance) subject to a support constraint on the generator matrix. We show that the largest minimum distance can be achieved by a subcode of a Reed-Solomon code of small field size and with the same minimum distance. As a by-product of this result, we settle the GM-MDS conjecture of Dau et al. in the affirmative.	[Yildiz, Hikmet; Hassibi, Babak] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Yildiz, H (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							12	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2475-420X		978-1-5386-3599-5	INFO THEOR WORKSH			2018							375	379					5	Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BM7FK	WOS:000467849900076					2020-09-09	
B	Detry, R; Koch, J; Pailevanian, T; Garrett, M; Levine, D; Yahnker, C; Gildner, M			IEEE	Detry, R.; Koch, J.; Pailevanian, T.; Garrett, M.; Levine, D.; Yahnker, C.; Gildner, M.			Turbid-water Subsea Infrastructure 3D Reconstruction with Assisted Stereo	2018 OCEANS - MTS/IEEE KOBE TECHNO-OCEANS (OTO)			English	Proceedings Paper	OCEANS - MTS/IEEE Kobe Techno-Oceans Conference (OTO)	MAY 28-31, 2018	Kobe, JAPAN	IEEE, MTS				This paper studies underwater perception and short-range scene reconstruction. Our work enables autonomous manipulation behaviors that support the autonomous maintenance of subsea infrastructure. We present a system that leverages assisted stereo to reconstruct the geometry of textured or untextured structures immersed in turbid water. Our package projects a random binary pattern in the cameras' field of view, which facilitates stereopsis in areas that are not naturally textured. We discuss the design and assembly of the package, and we quantify the accuracy and coverage of our method in turbid water ranging from 1 to 2.5 NTU.	[Detry, R.; Koch, J.; Pailevanian, T.; Garrett, M.; Levine, D.; Yahnker, C.; Gildner, M.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Detry, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	renaud.j.detry@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); U.S. Government	The research described in this paper was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Copyright 2018 California Institute of Technology. U.S. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		10	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-5386-1654-3				2018													6	Engineering, Marine; Engineering, Ocean; Oceanography	Engineering; Oceanography	BM5LQ	WOS:000465206800114					2020-09-09	
B	Koch, J; Pailevanian, T; Garrett, M; Yahnker, C; Detry, R; Levine, D; Gildner, M			IEEE	Koch, Justin; Pailevanian, Torkom; Garrett, Michael; Yahnker, Christopher; Detry, Renuad; Levine, Dan; Gildner, Matthew			Development of a Robotic Limb for Underwater Mobile Manipulation	2018 OCEANS - MTS/IEEE KOBE TECHNO-OCEANS (OTO)			English	Proceedings Paper	OCEANS - MTS/IEEE Kobe Techno-Oceans Conference (OTO)	MAY 28-31, 2018	Kobe, JAPAN	IEEE, MTS				This paper presents the hardware design and development of the AquaSimian limb, a 7 degree of freedom robotic limb for performing manipulation tasks typical to the subsea servicing industry. Tasks are performed through a supervised autonomy framework that makes efficient use of operator input, 3D scene reconstructions, automated motion planning, and parameterized behaviors. The limb must robustly interact with its environment to perform tasks such as turning a subsea valve or inserting a hot stab. The limb features high power density actuators and a 6 degree of freedom force torque sensor. A custom 3-function robotic gripper mounted to the force torque sensor allows dexterous yet robust interaction with underwater task panels. The system includes capabilities to detect and autonomously respond to any leaks or motor faults by disconnecting motor power when the system is in an off-nominal state and notifying the operator through LED lighting on the Light Lids that seal the actuator assembly housings. This highly capable robotic limb serves as a testbed for JPL development of technologies for autonomous operation of mobile manipulation systems.	[Koch, Justin; Pailevanian, Torkom; Garrett, Michael; Yahnker, Christopher; Detry, Renuad; Levine, Dan; Gildner, Matthew] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Koch, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Justin.R.Koch@jpl.nasa.gov						7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-5386-1654-3				2018													5	Engineering, Marine; Engineering, Ocean; Oceanography	Engineering; Oceanography	BM5LQ	WOS:000465206800151					2020-09-09	
B	Sherwood, B; Lunine, J; Sotin, C; Cwik, T; Hand, K; Naderi, F			IEEE	Sherwood, Brent; Lunine, Jonathan; Sotin, Christophe; Cwik, Thomas; Hand, Kevin; Naderi, Firouz			Exploring the Ocean Worlds	2018 OCEANS - MTS/IEEE KOBE TECHNO-OCEANS (OTO)			English	Proceedings Paper	OCEANS - MTS/IEEE Kobe Techno-Oceans Conference (OTO)	MAY 28-31, 2018	Kobe, JAPAN	IEEE, MTS		ocean worlds; astrobiology; icy moons; Europa; Enceladus; Titan		Including Earth, roughly a dozen water ocean worlds exist in the solar system: the relict worlds Ceres and Mars, large Jovian and Saturnian icy moons with vast interior oceans, and Kuiper Belt Objects like Triton, Charon, and Pluto whose geologies are dominated by water and ammonia. The ocean-world science puzzle - which may reveal whether life is widespread in the cosmos, why it exists where it does, and how it originates - can only be solved by exploring all of them. Potential life in these places could not have shared our origins, yet these worlds contain the only evidence about life that we can touch, essentially forever. Thus, their exploration has existential significance. Planning a multiworld exploration campaign would be a multi-generational undertaking. The technical challenges are diverse and formidable, far harder than at Mars: missions to the Jovian and Saturnian ocean worlds are severely power-limited; trip times can be more than a decade. And the science targets are global-scale oceans beneath kilometers of cryogenic ice. Today, we lack the instrumentation, subsystems, and machine-intelligence technologies needed. A systematic OWEP (ocean worlds exploration program) strategy can make most effective use of funding and time. The three priority ocean-world targets are Europa at Jupiter, and Enceladus and Titan at Saturn. Five hypothetical programmatic scenarios are compared to the default case. A coherent OWEP should have several parts: first, dedicated continuous investment in enabling technologies; and second, two directed-purpose, medium-class (similar to$1B) missions per decade that conduct pivotal investigations on a documented roadmap. A robust OWEP would cost about 1/40th more per year than NASA's current budget.	[Sherwood, Brent; Sotin, Christophe; Cwik, Thomas; Hand, Kevin; Naderi, Firouz] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Lunine, Jonathan] Cornell Univ, Ctr Radiophys & Space Res, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA	Sherwood, B (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Brent.Sherwood@jpl.nasa.gov; JLunine@astro.cornell.edu; Christophe.Sotin@jpl.nasa.gov; Thomas.A.Cwik@jpl.nasa.gov; Kevin.P.Hand@jpl.nasa.gov; Firouz.M.Naderi@jpl.nasa.gov	Hand, Kevin Peter/I-8246-2018	Hand, Kevin Peter/0000-0002-3225-9426				21	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-5386-1654-3				2018													10	Engineering, Marine; Engineering, Ocean; Oceanography	Engineering; Oceanography	BM5LQ	WOS:000465206800175					2020-09-09	
J	Eischen, E; Fintzen, J; Mantovan, E; Varma, I				Eischen, Ellen; Fintzen, Jessica; Mantovan, Elena; Varma, Ila			DIFFERENTIAL OPERATORS AND FAMILIES OF AUTOMORPHIC FORMS ON UNITARY GROUPS OF ARBITRARY SIGNATURE	DOCUMENTA MATHEMATICA			English	Article						p-adic automorphic forms; differential operators; Maass operators; Shimura varieties	EISENSTEIN SERIES	In the 1970's, Serre exploited congruences between q-expansion coefficients of Eisenstein series to produce p-adic families of Eisenstein series and, in turn, p-adic zeta functions. Partly through integration with more recent machinery, including Katz's approach to p-adic differential operators, his strategy has influenced four decades of developments. Prior papers employing Katz's and Serre's ideas exploiting differential operators and congruences to produce families of automorphic forms rely crucially on q-expansions of automorphic forms. The overarching goal of the present paper is to adapt the strategy to automorphic forms on unitary groups, which lack q-expansions when the signature is of the form (a, b), a not equal b. In particular, this paper completely removes the restrictions on the signature present in prior work. As intermediate steps, we achieve two key objectives. First, partly by carefully analyzing the action of the Young symmetrizer on Serre-Tate expansions, we explicitly describe the action of differential operators on the Serre-Tate expansions of automorphic forms on unitary groups of arbitrary signature. As a direct consequence, for each unitary group, we obtain congruences and families analogous to those studied by Katz and Serre. Second, via a novel lifting argument, we construct a p-adic measure taking values in the space of p-adic automorphic forms on unitary groups of any prescribed signature. We relate the values of this measure to an explicit p-adic family of Eisenstein series. One application of our results is to the recently completed construction of p-adic L-functions for unitary groups by the first named author, Harris, Li, and Skinner.	[Eischen, Ellen] Univ Oregon, Dept Math, Fenton Hall, Eugene, OR 97403 USA; [Mantovan, Elena] CALTECH, Dept Math, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Fintzen, Jessica] Univ Michigan, Dept Math, 2074 East Hall,530 Church St, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Varma, Ila] Columbia Univ, Dept Math, MC 4436,2990 Broadway, New York, NY 10027 USA	Eischen, E (corresponding author), Univ Oregon, Dept Math, Fenton Hall, Eugene, OR 97403 USA.	eeischen@uoregon.edu; fintzen@umich.edu; mantovanelena@gmail.com; ila@math.columbia.edu			NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [DMS-1502834, DMS-1559609, DMS-1001077, DMS-1249384]; Studienstiftung des deutschen Volkes; National Defense Science and Engineering FellowshipUnited States Department of Defense	E.E.'s research was partially supported by NSF Grants DMS-1249384 and DMS-1559609. J.F.'s research was partially supported by the Studienstiftung des deutschen Volkes. E.M.'s research was partially supported by NSF Grant DMS-1001077. I.V.'s research was partially supported by a National Defense Science and Engineering Fellowship and NSF Grant DMS-1502834.		44	3	3	0	0	FIZ KARLSRUHE-LEIBNIZ-INST INFORMATIONSINFRASTRUKTUR	EGGENSTEIN-LEOPOLDSHAFEN	HERMANN-VON-HELMHOLTZ-PLATZ 1, EGGENSTEIN-LEOPOLDSHAFEN, 76344, GERMANY	1431-0643			DOC MATH	Doc. Math.		2018	23						445	495					51	Mathematics	Mathematics	HY6WZ	WOS:000468272500015		DOAJ Gold			2020-09-09	
J	Flach, M; Morin, B				Flach, Matthias; Morin, Baptiste			WEIL-ETALE COHOMOLOGY AND ZETA-VALUES OF PROPER REGULAR ARITHMETIC SCHEMES	DOCUMENTA MATHEMATICA			English	Article						Zeta functions; Zeta-values; Weil-etale cohomology; Arakelov theory	BLOCH-KATO CONJECTURE; VARIETIES	We give a conjectural description of the vanishing order and leading Taylor coefficient of the Zeta function of a proper, regular arithmetic scheme X at any integer n in terms of Weil-etale cohomology complexes. This extends work of Lichtenbaum [65] and Geisser [36] for X of characteristic p, of Lichtenbaum [66] for X = Spec(O-F) and n = 0 where F is a number field, and of the second author for arbitrary X and n = 0 [72]. We show that our conjecture is compatible with the Tamagawa number conjecture of Bloch, Kato, Fontaine and Perrin-Riou [31] if X is smooth over Spec(O-F), and hence that it holds in cases where the Tamagawa number conjecture is known.	[Flach, Matthias] CALTECH, Dept Math, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Morin, Baptiste] Univ Bordeaux, IMB, CNRS, 351 Cours Liberat, F-33405 Talence, France	Flach, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Math, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	flach@caltech.edu; Baptiste.Morin@math.u-bordeaux.fr						92	1	1	0	0	FIZ KARLSRUHE-LEIBNIZ-INST INFORMATIONSINFRASTRUKTUR	EGGENSTEIN-LEOPOLDSHAFEN	HERMANN-VON-HELMHOLTZ-PLATZ 1, EGGENSTEIN-LEOPOLDSHAFEN, 76344, GERMANY	1431-0643			DOC MATH	Doc. Math.		2018	23						1425	1560					136	Mathematics	Mathematics	HY6WZ	WOS:000468272500042		DOAJ Gold			2020-09-09	
B	Boukerche, A		Salem, A; Abbas, HM; Elkharashi, MW; Eldin, AMB; Taher, M; Zaki, AM		Boukerche, Azzedine			Intelligent Vision for Smart Connected and Autonomous Cars	PROCEEDINGS OF 2018 13TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMPUTER ENGINEERING AND SYSTEMS (ICCES)			English	Proceedings Paper	13th International Conference on Computer Engineering and Systems (ICCES)	DEC 18-19, 2018	Cairo, EGYPT	IEEE, Egyptian Knowledge Bank, Ain Shams Univ, IEEE Egypt Sect					[Boukerche, Azzedine] Univ Ottawa, Ottawa, ON, Canada; [Boukerche, Azzedine] Univ Ottawa, NSERC TRANSIT Res Network, Ottawa, ON, Canada; [Boukerche, Azzedine] Univ Ottawa, PARADISE Res Lab, Ottawa, ON, Canada; [Boukerche, Azzedine] Univ North Texas, Denton, TX USA; [Boukerche, Azzedine] Metron Corp, Simulat Sci Div, San Diego, CA USA; [Boukerche, Azzedine] CALTECH, JPL, NASA, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Boukerche, Azzedine] Engn Inst Canada, Ottawa, ON, Canada; [Boukerche, Azzedine] Canadian Acad Engn, Ottawa, ON, Canada; [Boukerche, Azzedine] Amer Assoc Advancement Sci, Ottawa, ON, Canada	Boukerche, A (corresponding author), Univ Ottawa, Ottawa, ON, Canada.; Boukerche, A (corresponding author), Univ Ottawa, NSERC TRANSIT Res Network, Ottawa, ON, Canada.; Boukerche, A (corresponding author), Univ Ottawa, PARADISE Res Lab, Ottawa, ON, Canada.; Boukerche, A (corresponding author), Engn Inst Canada, Ottawa, ON, Canada.; Boukerche, A (corresponding author), Canadian Acad Engn, Ottawa, ON, Canada.; Boukerche, A (corresponding author), Amer Assoc Advancement Sci, Ottawa, ON, Canada.							0	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-5386-5111-7				2018							XXI	XXII					2	Computer Science, Information Systems; Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BM5YY	WOS:000465792300001					2020-09-09	
B	Zaccherini, R; Palermo, A; Krodel, S; Dertimanis, VK; Marzani, A; Daraio, C; Chatzi, EN		Desmet, W; Pluymers, B; Moens, D; Rottiers, W		Zaccherini, R.; Palermo, A.; Krodel, S.; Dertimanis, V. K.; Marzani, A.; Daraio, C.; Chatzi, E. N.			Resonant metabarriers as seismic attenuators in granular media	PROCEEDINGS OF INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON NOISE AND VIBRATION ENGINEERING (ISMA2018) / INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON UNCERTAINTY IN STRUCTURAL DYNAMICS (USD2018)			English	Proceedings Paper	International Conference on Noise and Vibration Engineering (ISMA) / International Conference on Uncertainty in Structural Dynamics (USD)	SEP 17-19, 2018	Leuven, BELGIUM	KU Leuven, Dept Mech Engn			SURFACE; WAVES	Arrays of surface resonators forming so-called metabarriers are capable of converting seismic Rayleigh waves into less dangerous shear waves traveling in the bulk, attenuating the ground motion at the surface. However, this phenomenon pertains to resonant materials inserted in homogeneous media which feature properties rather different to those of natural soils. In this work, we experimentally investigate the ability of a resonant metabarrier embedded below the surface of an inhomogenous medium, i.e. a granular unconsolidated material, to attenuate the incoming surface waves. Although unable to diverge their propagation into the bulk, we find that surface resonators in granular media achieve attenuation of Rayleigh waves by up to 50 % around their resonant frequency. The findings can be used as a starting point for future real-scale implementations for seismic protection systems in stratified soils presenting an inhomogeneous stiffness profile at the seismic Rayleigh waves scale.	[Zaccherini, R.; Dertimanis, V. K.; Chatzi, E. N.] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Dept Civil Environm & Geomat Engn, Stefano Franscini Pl 5, CH-8093 Zurich, Switzerland; [Palermo, A.; Marzani, A.] Univ Bologna, Dept Civil Chem Environm & Mat Engn DICAM, Zamboni 33, I-40126 Bologna, Italy; [Palermo, A.; Daraio, C.] CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Calif Blvd 1200 E,MC 104-44, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Krodel, S.] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Dept Mech & Proc Engn, Leonhardstr 21, CH-8092 Zurich, Switzerland	Zaccherini, R (corresponding author), Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Dept Civil Environm & Geomat Engn, Stefano Franscini Pl 5, CH-8093 Zurich, Switzerland.	zaccherini@ibk.baug.ethz.ch		Palermo, Antonio/0000-0001-9431-0461				25	0	0	0	1	KATHOLIEKE UNIV LEUVEN, DEPT WERKTUIGKUNDE	HEVERLEE	CELESTIJNENLAAN 300B, HEVERLEE, B-3001, BELGIUM			978-90-73802-99-5				2018							3047	3057					11	Engineering, Mechanical	Engineering	BM6QO	WOS:000467299105002					2020-09-09	
S	Ghaffarian, R			IEEE	Ghaffarian, Reza			SMT/PTH Solder Joint Reliability under Extreme Cold Thermal Cycles	PROCEEDINGS OF THE 17TH IEEE INTERSOCIETY CONFERENCE ON THERMAL AND THERMOMECHANICAL PHENOMENA IN ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS (ITHERM 2018)	InterSociety Conference on Thermal and Thermomechanical Phenomena in Electronic Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	17th IEEE Intersociety Conference on Thermal and Thermomechanical Phenomena in Electronic Systems (ITherm)	MAY 29-JUN 01, 2018	San Diego, CA	IEEE, Intersociety, IEEE Elect Packaging Soc, Intel, Univ Maryland, Univ Maryland, A James Clark Sch Engn, Smart & Small Thermal Syst Lab, Ctr Adv Life Cycle Engn, Power Elect Lab, Huawei Technologies Co, IBM, Novark Technologies, Laird, Dupont, Auburn Univ, CAVE3		Quad flat no-lead; QFN; Column grid array; CGA; solder joint reliability; tin-lead solder; thermal cycle; extreme cold cycle; thermal shock cycle; pin grid array; PGA; failure mechanisms; harsh thermal cycles; deep space mission		This paper presents reliability of surface mount technology (SMT) packaging assemblies compared to decades old pin grid array (PGA) assembled with hand soldering that were subjected to extreme cold thermal cycles representative of high-reliability applications for deep-space missions. The advanced SMT packages included commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) column grid array (CGA), leaded thin small outline (TSOP), leadless quad flat no-lead (QFN), and passive technologies. Tin-lead eutectic solders were used for soldering; they were either in paste form for assembling SMT packages or solid wire for hand soldering plated-through hole (PTH) for PGA ceramic packages. It is a general perception that the PTH technologies are an order of magnitude more robust in thermal cycle reliability than SMTs. However, this may not be true under extreme cold environmental conditions. Design for reliability (DfR) may requires compromising the stand-off height of PGA assembly and the thickness of printed circuit board (PCB) to achieve the desired long-term reliability. This paper presents the key parameters affecting the reliability of SMT package assemblies including TSOP, QFN, CGA, and PGA assemblies as well as associated test results under standard and extreme cold harsh thermal shock/cycle conditions. The standard thermal cycle conditions for high-reliability applications included were in the range of (-55 degrees C to 100 degrees C) and (55 degrees C to 125 degrees C) whereas extreme cold cycles were harsh (-135 degrees C to 70 degrees C) and (-120 degrees C to 85 degrees C), or milder (110 degrees C to 20 degrees C). Test results presented include non-destructive optical/SEM and X-ray images and daisy-chain resistances as well as destructive failure analyses performed by X-sectioning. Finally, key findings for various packaging technologies under extreme cold thermal cycles are presented.	[Ghaffarian, Reza] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Ghaffarian, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Reza.Ghaffarian@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); California Institute of Technology. U.S. Government	The research described in this publication is being conducted at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Copyright 2018. California Institute of Technology. U.S. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		16	0	0	0	3	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1936-3958		978-1-5386-1272-9	INTSOC CONF THERMAL			2018							1224	1233					10	Thermodynamics; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Thermodynamics; Engineering	BM6QC	WOS:000467263000160					2020-09-09	
S	Ayoubi, P; Asimaki, D; Mohammdi, K		Brandenberg, SJ; Manzari, MT		Ayoubi, Peyman; Asimaki, Domniki; Mohammdi, Kami			Basin Effects in Strong Ground Motion: A Case Study from the 2015 Gorkha, Nepal, Earthquake	GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE ENGINEERING AND SOIL DYNAMICS V: SEISMIC HAZARD ANALYSIS, EARTHQUAKE GROUND MOTIONS, AND REGIONAL-SCALE ASSESSMENT	Geotechnical Special Publication		English	Proceedings Paper	5th Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering and Soil Dynamics Conference (GEESD)	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Geo Inst, Earthquake Engn & Soil Dynam Tech Comm, Amer Soc Civil Engineers			SEDIMENT-FILLED VALLEYS; SEISMIC RESPONSE; ALLUVIAL VALLEYS; RAYLEIGH-WAVES; INCIDENT-S; P-WAVES; SCATTERING	The term "basin effects" refers to entrapment and reverberation of earthquake waves in soft sedimentary deposits underlain by concave basement rock structures. Basin effects can significantly affect the amplitude, frequency, and duration of strong ground motion, while the cone-like geometry of the basin edges gives rise to large amplitude surface waves through seismic wave diffraction and energy focusing, a well-known characteristic of basin effects. In this research, we study the role of basin effects in the mainshock ground motion data recorded at the Kathmandu Basin, Nepal, during the 2015 M(w)7.8 Gorkha earthquake sequence. We specifically try to understand the source of the unusual low frequency reverberating pulse that appeared systematically across the basin, and the unexpected depletion of the ground surface motions from high frequency components, especially away from the basin edges. In order to do that we study the response of a 2D cross section of Kathmandu Basin subjected to vertically propagating plane SV waves. Despite the scarcity of geotechnical information and of strong ground motion recordings, we show that an idealized plane-strain elastic model with a simplified layered velocity structure can capture surprisingly well the low frequency components of the basin ground response. We finally couple the 2D elastic simulation with a 1D nonlinear analysis of the shallow basin sediments. The 1D nonlinear approximation shows improved performance over a larger frequency range relative to the first order approximation of a 2D elastic layered basin response.	[Ayoubi, Peyman; Asimaki, Domniki; Mohammdi, Kami] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ayoubi, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	ayoubi@caltech.edu; domniki@caltech.edu; kamimohamadi@caltech.edu	Asimaki, Domniki/A-2274-2013	Asimaki, Domniki/0000-0002-3008-8088				23	2	2	1	1	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA	0895-0563		978-0-7844-8146-2	GEOTECH SP			2018		291					288	296					9	Engineering, Geological	Engineering	BM6OE	WOS:000467142700028					2020-09-09	
S	Shi, J; Asimaki, D		Brandenberg, SJ; Manzari, MT		Shi, Jian; Asimaki, Domniki			On the Applicability of Shear Strain Index as a Proxy for Site Response Nonlinearity	GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE ENGINEERING AND SOIL DYNAMICS V: SEISMIC HAZARD ANALYSIS, EARTHQUAKE GROUND MOTIONS, AND REGIONAL-SCALE ASSESSMENT	Geotechnical Special Publication		English	Proceedings Paper	5th Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering and Soil Dynamics Conference (GEESD)	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Geo Inst, Earthquake Engn & Soil Dynam Tech Comm, Amer Soc Civil Engineers			MODEL; VALIDATION	Several recent studies have emphasized the advantages of conducting fully nonlinear site response analyses over the more conventional equivalent linear method, especially for strong ground motion and high frequency response predictions. Since the maximum soil shear strain (gamma(max)) reflects the degree of nonlinearity of the soil, recent studies have introduced the concept of a threshold gamma(max) to determine the conditions under which nonlinear analyses are necessary to provide credible site response predictions. However, as gamma(max) cannot be calculated a priori (i.e., before conducting any site response analysis), a proxy defined as the ratio of peak velocity of the input motion (PGV) to the time-averaged shear-wave velocity in the top 30 meters (V-S30), i.e., PGV/V-S30, has been proposed instead. In this study, we quantify the appropriateness of PGV/V-S30 (also referred to as shear strain index, I-gamma) as a proxy for gamma(max), using a statistically significant number of ground motions and sites and using nonlinear site response simulations. We find that I-gamma is a reliable proxy for gamma(max) only for sites with no sharp shear-wave velocity (V-S) impedance contrasts; otherwise it can underestimate gamma(max) by an order of magnitude or more. We lastly propose a correction factor called heterogeneity factor (HF), which is dependent on the velocity contrast of the V-S profile, and when applied upon I-gamma, improves the mean and reduces the standard deviation of the I-gamma-gamma(max) correlation.	[Shi, Jian; Asimaki, Domniki] CALTECH, Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Shi, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	jian.shi@caltech.edu; domniki@caltech.edu	Asimaki, Domniki/A-2274-2013	Asimaki, Domniki/0000-0002-3008-8088				12	1	1	0	1	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA	0895-0563		978-0-7844-8146-2	GEOTECH SP			2018		291					550	558					9	Engineering, Geological	Engineering	BM6OE	WOS:000467142700053					2020-09-09	
S	Mital, U; Rajasekaran, E; Asimaki, D; Das, NN		Brandenberg, SJ; Manzari, MT		Mital, Utkarsh; Rajasekaran, Eswar; Asimaki, Domniki; Das, Narendra N.			Investigating the Applicability of Integrated Hydrological Modeling for Mapping Regional Liquefaction Hazard	GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE ENGINEERING AND SOIL DYNAMICS V: SEISMIC HAZARD ANALYSIS, EARTHQUAKE GROUND MOTIONS, AND REGIONAL-SCALE ASSESSMENT	Geotechnical Special Publication		English	Proceedings Paper	5th Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering and Soil Dynamics Conference (GEESD)	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Geo Inst, Earthquake Engn & Soil Dynam Tech Comm, Amer Soc Civil Engineers				Soil liquefaction and related phenomena, such as ground deformation and lateral spreading, pose significant risk to distributed and critical infrastructure systems. Although liquefaction vulnerability is controlled by geologic and groundwater conditions, its regional assessment is almost exclusively based on geologic material properties or proxies thereof. In this work, we are developing a multivariate methodology that incorporates groundwater conditions by introducing hydrological variables in regional assessment of liquefaction hazards. More specifically, we use remote sensing data and well-monitoring data to set up an integrated hydrological model that provides estimates of soil moisture and depth to water table. We demonstrate the methodology by presenting a case study from the 2010 El Mayor-Cucapah earthquake in Imperial County. We use reconnaissance data to train a logistic regression model, which yields probabilistic maps of liquefaction occurrence. Preliminary results indicate that the proposed approach may improve the modeling of regional liquefaction assessment at no additional site investigation cost. However, in order to draw quantitative conclusions on the accuracy improvements, more training data is necessary for which we are collaborating with the ARIA Center at JPL-Caltech.	[Mital, Utkarsh; Asimaki, Domniki] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Rajasekaran, Eswar; Das, Narendra N.] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Mital, U (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	umital@caltech.edu; eswar.rajasekaran@jpl.nasa.gov; domniki@caltech.edu; narendra.n.das@jpl.nasa.gov	Rajasekaran, Eswar/AAQ-3143-2020; Mital, Utkarsh/A-7858-2018; Asimaki, Domniki/A-2274-2013	Rajasekaran, Eswar/0000-0001-6227-4873; Mital, Utkarsh/0000-0001-9794-382X; Asimaki, Domniki/0000-0002-3008-8088				17	0	0	0	0	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA	0895-0563		978-0-7844-8146-2	GEOTECH SP			2018		291					677	684					8	Engineering, Geological	Engineering	BM6OE	WOS:000467142700066					2020-09-09	
S	Seylabi, EE; Ebrahimian, H; Zhang, WY; Asimaki, D; Taciroglu, E		Brandenberg, SJ; Manzari, MT		Seylabi, Elnaz Esmaeilzadeh; Ebrahimian, Hamed; Zhang, Wenyang; Asimaki, Domniki; Taciroglu, Ertugrul			Bayesian Estimation of Nonlinear Soil Model Parameters Using Centrifuge Experimental Data	GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE ENGINEERING AND SOIL DYNAMICS V: SLOPE STABILITY AND LANDSLIDES, LABORATORY TESTING, AND IN SITU TESTING	Geotechnical Special Publication		English	Proceedings Paper	5th Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering and Soil Dynamics Conference (GEESD)	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Geo Inst, Earthquake Engn & Soil Dynam Tech Comm, Amer Soc Civil Engineers			SITE RESPONSE	Calibration of nonlinear soil models from experimental data is an essential capability in research and engineering practice alike; however, this task is typically conducted by trial and error. In this study, we describe a Bayesian filtering technique, which is based on an unscented Kalman filter, to systematically assimilate data and estimate the parameters of a veritable soil plasticity model. We first verify the framework using a numerical example. Then, we use the technique to estimate the statistics of the parameters for a multiaxial plasticity model using data from a series of centrifuge tests and infer the maximum shear modulus G(max), small strain damping, and shear modulus reduction curve G / G(max). We show that the calibrated soil model, which has a vanished elastic range and a bounding surface, is successful in predicting the soil response for the range of input excitations used in the centrifuge tests. The technique is applicable to other soil models and can be implemented and utilized easily, provided that a standard interface to the soil material model is available.	[Seylabi, Elnaz Esmaeilzadeh; Ebrahimian, Hamed; Asimaki, Domniki] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Zhang, Wenyang; Taciroglu, Ertugrul] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Civil & Environm Engn, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA	Seylabi, EE (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	elnaz@caltech.edu; hebrahim@caltech.edu; zwyll@ucla.edu; domniki@caltech.edu; etacir@ucla.edu	Ebrahimian, Hamed/Y-3697-2019; Asimaki, Domniki/A-2274-2013	Asimaki, Domniki/0000-0002-3008-8088				15	0	0	0	0	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA	0895-0563		978-0-7844-8148-6	GEOTECH SP			2018		293					404	413					10	Engineering, Geological	Engineering	BM6OI	WOS:000467146400042					2020-09-09	
S	Adetomi, A; Enemali, G; Iturbe, X; Arslan, T; Keymeulen, D			IEEE	Adetomi, Adewale; Enemali, Godwin; Iturbe, Xabier; Arslan, Tughrul; Keymeulen, Didier			R3TOS-Based Integrated Modular Space Avionics for On-Board Real-Time Data Processing	2018 NASA/ESA CONFERENCE ON ADAPTIVE HARDWARE AND SYSTEMS (AHS 2018)	NASA/ESA Conference on Adaptive Hardware and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	NASA/ESA Conference on Adaptive Hardware and Systems (AHS)	AUG 06-09, 2018	Univ Edinburgh, Edinburgh, SCOTLAND	NASA, ESA, JPL, ADEVO, IEEE, IEEE Circuits & Syst Soc, Alpha Data	Univ Edinburgh	Autonomous System; Reconfigurable Hardware; Reconfigurable Operating System; Reliability; Avionics	OPERATING SYSTEM	The partitioning of computing platforms is a well-known technique for achieving fault isolation and fault tolerance in space avionics. With the advent of large-capacity and partially reconfigurable FPGAs, partitioning has been proposed at the System-on-Chip (SoC) level. However, fixed hardware partitions in a SoC, such as those in slotted reconfigurable architectures, are not effective in coping with permanent chip damage provoked by cumulative space radiation, the reason being that a single damaged on-chip resource in one partition can prevent the use of that entire partition. In this paper, we discuss how to use R3TOS (Reliable Reconfigurable Real-Time Operating System) to implement a dynamically-partitioned computing platform on a Xilinx Zynq SoC that processes science data delivered by a NASA Fourier transform spectrometer. Unlike in related approaches, R3TOS avoids fixed partitions by harnessing the Zynq's configuration memory for exchanging data among the partitions. This enables us to achieve higher levels of flexibility in the spectrometer avionics, which results in a more effective capability to withstand chip damage. We have simulated different chip damage scenarios and checked that an R3TOS-based prototypic avionics system can tolerate on average around 13% more on-chip damaged resources than a traditional fixed slotted solution.	[Adetomi, Adewale; Enemali, Godwin; Iturbe, Xabier; Arslan, Tughrul] Univ Edinburgh, Sch Engn, Edinburgh EH9 3JL, Midlothian, Scotland; [Keymeulen, Didier] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Adetomi, A (corresponding author), Univ Edinburgh, Sch Engn, Edinburgh EH9 3JL, Midlothian, Scotland.	a.adetomi@ed.ac.uk; didier.keymeulen@jpl.nasa.gov						34	1	1	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1939-7003		978-1-5386-7753-7	NASA ESA CONF			2018							1	8					8	Engineering, Aerospace; Computer Science, Hardware & Architecture; Computer Science, Information Systems	Engineering; Computer Science	BM5JA	WOS:000465104900001					2020-09-09	
S	Keymeulen, D; Shin, S; Riddley, J; Klimesh, M; Kiely, A; Liggett, E; Sullivan, P; Bernas, M; Ghossemi, H; Flesch, G; Cheng, M; Dolinar, S; Dolman, D; Roth, K; Holyoake, C; Crocker, K; Smith, A			IEEE	Keymeulen, Didier; Shin, Simon; Riddley, Jason; Klimesh, Matthew; Kiely, Aaron; Liggett, Elliott; Sullivan, Peter; Bernas, Michael; Ghossemi, Hamid; Flesch, Greg; Cheng, Michael; Dolinar, Sam; Dolman, David; Roth, Kevin; Holyoake, Chris; Crocker, Ken; Smith, Adam			High Performance Space Computing with System-on-Chip Instrument Avionics for Space-based Next Generation Imaging Spectrometers (NGIS)	2018 NASA/ESA CONFERENCE ON ADAPTIVE HARDWARE AND SYSTEMS (AHS 2018)	NASA/ESA Conference on Adaptive Hardware and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	NASA/ESA Conference on Adaptive Hardware and Systems (AHS)	AUG 06-09, 2018	Univ Edinburgh, Edinburgh, SCOTLAND	NASA, ESA, JPL, ADEVO, IEEE, IEEE Circuits & Syst Soc, Alpha Data	Univ Edinburgh			The emergent technology of system-on-chip (SoC) devices promises lighter, smaller, cheaper, and more capable and reliable space electronic systems that could help to unveil some of the most treasured secrets in our universe. This technology is an improvement over the technology that is currently used in space applications, which lags behind state-of-the-art commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) equipment by several generations. SoC technology integrates all computational power required by next-generation space exploration science instruments onto a single chip. This presentation will describe a Xilinx Zynq-based data acquisition, cloud-screening and compression computing system that has been developed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) for JPL's Next Generation Imaging Spectrometers (NGIS). The Xilinx Zynq-based Alpha Data hardware assembly fits into a 120mm by 190m by 40mm assembly and uses 9 watts at peak performance. The computing element is a Xilinx Zynq Z7045Q which includes a Kintex-7 FPGA (equivalent to 3 RAD Virtex5 FPGAs in terms of logic cell resources) and dual-core ARM Cortex-A9 Processors (equivalent to 10 RAD750 Power PCs in term of processing capability).	[Keymeulen, Didier; Shin, Simon; Riddley, Jason; Klimesh, Matthew; Kiely, Aaron; Liggett, Elliott; Sullivan, Peter; Bernas, Michael; Ghossemi, Hamid; Flesch, Greg; Cheng, Michael; Dolinar, Sam] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Dolman, David; Roth, Kevin; Holyoake, Chris; Crocker, Ken; Smith, Adam] Alpha Data Inc, Denver, CO USA	Keymeulen, D (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							24	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1939-7003		978-1-5386-7753-7	NASA ESA CONF			2018							33	36					4	Engineering, Aerospace; Computer Science, Hardware & Architecture; Computer Science, Information Systems	Engineering; Computer Science	BM5JA	WOS:000465104900005					2020-09-09	
S	Saha, S; Ehsan, S; Stoica, A; Stolkin, R; McDonald-Maier, K			IEEE	Saha, Sangeet; Ehsan, Shoaib; Stoica, Adrian; Stolkin, Rustam; McDonald-Maier, Klaus			Real-Time Application Processing for FPGA-Based Resilient Embedded Systems in Harsh Environments	2018 NASA/ESA CONFERENCE ON ADAPTIVE HARDWARE AND SYSTEMS (AHS 2018)	NASA/ESA Conference on Adaptive Hardware and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	NASA/ESA Conference on Adaptive Hardware and Systems (AHS)	AUG 06-09, 2018	Univ Edinburgh, Edinburgh, SCOTLAND	NASA, ESA, JPL, ADEVO, IEEE, IEEE Circuits & Syst Soc, Alpha Data	Univ Edinburgh	FPGA; Real-time Scheduling; Harsh Environments; SEUs; Healing mechanisms; Resilient Systems		Real-time embedded systems nowadays get employed in harsh environments such as space, nuclear sites to carry out critical operations. Along with the traditional software based (CPU) execution, FPGAs are now also emerging as a bright prospect to accomplish such routines. However, these platforms are often get plagued by faults generated due to the high radiations in such environments. As a result, the real-time applications running on the platform could also get jeopardized. Thus, efficient execution of a set of hard real-time applications on reconfigurable systems with anomaly detection and recovery mechanism is inevitable. This work aims at tackling such problem with a "healing" approach for extreme environments. Initially, the applications are intelligently partitioned for hardware and software execution, then attempts have been made to schedule hardware applications with intermittent preemption point. Upon detecting any abnormality on such distinct points, our approach orchestrates a healing mechanism to remediate the scenario without hampering the pre-determined schedule. Experimental validation of our proposed method reveals its effectiveness.	[Saha, Sangeet; Ehsan, Shoaib; McDonald-Maier, Klaus] Univ Essex, Embedded & Intelligent Syst Lab, Colchester, Essex, England; [Stoica, Adrian] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Stolkin, Rustam] Univ Birmingham, ERL, Birmingham, W Midlands, England	Saha, S (corresponding author), Univ Essex, Embedded & Intelligent Syst Lab, Colchester, Essex, England.	sangeet.saha@essex.ac.uk; sehsan@essex.ac.uk; adrian.stoica@jpl.nasa.gov; r.stolkin@cs.bham.ac.uk; kdm@essex.ac.uk			UK Engineering and Physical Sciences Research CouncilEngineering & Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) [EP/R02572X/1, EP/P017487/1]	This work is supported by the UK Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council through grants EP/R02572X/1 and EP/P017487/1		18	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1939-7003		978-1-5386-7753-7	NASA ESA CONF			2018							299	304					6	Engineering, Aerospace; Computer Science, Hardware & Architecture; Computer Science, Information Systems	Engineering; Computer Science	BM5JA	WOS:000465104900045		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Fenni, I; Haddad, ZS; Roussel, H; Mittra, R			IEEE	Fenni, Ines; Haddad, Ziad S.; Roussel, Helene; Mittra, Raj			Sparsification of the Reduced Matrix of the CBFM for a Memory Efficient Solution of Electrically Large EM Scattering Problems	2018 USNC-URSI RADIO SCIENCE MEETING (JOINT WITH AP-S SYMPOSIUM)	USNC-URSI Radio Science Meeting - Joint with AP-S SYMPOSIUM		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Antennas-and-Propagation-Society International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation / USNC/URSI National Radio Science Meeting	JUL 08-13, 2018	Boston, MA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Antennas & Propagat Soc, USNC, URSI, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers				In this paper a sparsification approach is applied to the compressed matrix resulting from the Characteristic Basis FunctionMethod (CBFM) process in order to significantly reduce the memory cost of this direct solver-based largely used numerical technique. Many efforts have been made in recent years to efficiently calculate this matrix but, all of them have focused on the time cost and have not dealt with the memory resources needed to store it. With the proposed sparsification approach, the present work aims to reduce the computational cost associated to the compressed matrix both in terms of CPU time and memory consumption.	[Fenni, Ines; Haddad, Ziad S.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Roussel, Helene] Sorbonne Univ, L2E UR2, F-75005 Paris, France; [Mittra, Raj] Univ Cent Florida, Orlando, FL 32816 USA; [Mittra, Raj] King Abdulaziz Univ, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia	Fenni, I (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Ines.Fenni@jpl.nasa.gov						4	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2572-3804	2573-3036	978-1-5386-7105-4	USNC-URSI RADIO SCI			2018							69	70					2	Telecommunications	Telecommunications	BM6MF	WOS:000466975900031					2020-09-09	
S	Nguyen, KT; Asimaki, D		Brandenberg, SJ; Manzari, MT		Nguyen, Kien T.; Asimaki, Domniki			A Modified Uniaxial Bouc-Wen Model for the Simulation of Transverse Lateral Pipe-Cohesionless Soil Interaction	GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE ENGINEERING AND SOIL DYNAMICS V: NUMERICAL MODELING AND SOIL STRUCTURE INTERACTION	Geotechnical Special Publication		English	Proceedings Paper	5th Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering and Soil Dynamics Conference (GEESD)	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Geo Inst, Earthquake Engn & Soil Dynam Tech Comm, Amer Soc Civil Engineers			FORCE-DISPLACEMENT RESPONSE; RESTRAINT; SAND	This paper proposes a modified uniaxial Bouc-Wen model to evaluate reaction force-displacement backbone curve for transverse lateral pipe-cohesionless soil interaction. The model is capable of representing the nonlinearity and the smooth transition zone of the curve. Using unscented Kalman filter, the model parameter. that controls the smoothness of transition zone is derived, on the basis of results from high-fidelity validated finite element analyses kappa is larger in loose sand compared to that in dense sand, implying a smoother transition zone of the curve for loose sand. There is a slight change of. with pipe burial depth in case of dense sand, while the change is clearer and larger in loose sand. The variation of. is related to the "passive-wedge" and "plow-through" failure mode of soil. The model is subsequently implemented in a series of soil-pipe interaction configurations, and the reaction force-deformation curves are found in good agreement with experimental data.	[Nguyen, Kien T.; Asimaki, Domniki] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Nguyen, KT (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	ktnguyen@caltech.edu; domniki@caltech.edu	Asimaki, Domniki/A-2274-2013	Asimaki, Domniki/0000-0002-3008-8088				26	1	1	0	1	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA	0895-0563		978-0-7844-8147-9	GEOTECH SP			2018		292					25	36					12	Engineering, Geological	Engineering	BM5OK	WOS:000465323300003					2020-09-09	
S	Zhang, WY; Ghotbi, AR; Seylabi, EE; Tehrani, PK; Karakoc, A; Gash, R; Taciroglu, E		Brandenberg, SJ; Manzari, MT		Zhang, Wenyang; Ghotbi, Abdoul R.; Seylabi, Elnaz E.; Tehrani, Payman K.; Karakoc, Alp; Gash, Richard; Taciroglu, Ertugrul			Fragility Based Seismic Performance Assessment of Buried Structures	GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE ENGINEERING AND SOIL DYNAMICS V: NUMERICAL MODELING AND SOIL STRUCTURE INTERACTION	Geotechnical Special Publication		English	Proceedings Paper	5th Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering and Soil Dynamics Conference (GEESD)	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Geo Inst, Earthquake Engn & Soil Dynam Tech Comm, Amer Soc Civil Engineers				Fragility-based seismic performance assessment and design procedures are being refined and adopted for many civil structures. With recent advances in computational capabilities as well as broad improvements in ground motion characterization and inelastic modeling of structural and geotechnical systems, large-scale direct models for underground structures-e.g., tunnels, water reservoirs, etc.-can now be devised with relative ease and deployed in engineering practice. In this study, we present a fragility-based seismic performance assessment of a large buried water reservoir. We use existing documents/codes to define the performance criteria and develop fragility functions through a probabilistic seismic demand analysis (PSDA) procedure. The analyses incorporate inelastic/nonlinear behavior of soils and structural components, and account for uncertainties in the expected ground motions. The seismic performance assessment methodology presented herein can be applied to other large underground reservoirs.	[Zhang, Wenyang; Ghotbi, Abdoul R.; Karakoc, Alp; Taciroglu, Ertugrul] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Civil & Environm Engn, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Seylabi, Elnaz E.] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Tehrani, Payman K.] SC Solut Inc, Sunnyvale, CA USA; [Gash, Richard] US Mil Acad, Dept Civil & Mech Engn, West Point, NY 10966 USA	Zhang, WY (corresponding author), Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Civil & Environm Engn, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA.	zwyll@ucla.edu; rezaghotbi@ucla.edu; elnaz@caltech.edu; ptehrani@scsolutions.com; akarakoc@alumni.ucla.edu; Richard.Gash@usma.edu; etacir@ucla.edu	Karakoc, Alp/N-5511-2015	Karakoc, Alp/0000-0002-2010-9607				21	0	0	0	1	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA	0895-0563		978-0-7844-8147-9	GEOTECH SP			2018		292					184	192					9	Engineering, Geological	Engineering	BM5OK	WOS:000465323300019					2020-09-09	
S	Ebrahimian, H; Ghahari, SF; Asimaki, D; Taciroglu, E		Brandenberg, SJ; Manzari, MT		Ebrahimian, Hamed; Ghahari, S. Farid; Asimaki, Domniki; Taciroglu, Ertugrul			A Nonlinear Model Inversion to Estimate Dynamic Soil Stiffness of Building Structures	GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE ENGINEERING AND SOIL DYNAMICS V: NUMERICAL MODELING AND SOIL STRUCTURE INTERACTION	Geotechnical Special Publication		English	Proceedings Paper	5th Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering and Soil Dynamics Conference (GEESD)	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Geo Inst, Earthquake Engn & Soil Dynam Tech Comm, Amer Soc Civil Engineers				This study presents an output-only model inversion method to jointly estimate the model parameters and foundation input motions in structural models. The model inversion is based on Bayesian finite element model updating using the measured seismic response of the structure. The model parameters to be estimated consist of parameters characterizing the structural model, dynamic soil springs (to account for inertial soil structure interaction effects), and Rayleigh damping. We use the recorded response of the Millikan Library building to the 2002 Yorba Linda earthquake for validation study, in which the recorded structural responses are used to update the structural model resting on soil springs and dashpots. This study is a step forward towards developing model inversion methods that can be used with seismic response of real-world buildings to identify the Rayleigh damping and dynamic soil springs parameters.	[Ebrahimian, Hamed] SC Solut Inc, Sunnyvale, CA 94085 USA; [Ebrahimian, Hamed; Asimaki, Domniki] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Ghahari, S. Farid; Taciroglu, Ertugrul] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Civil & Environm Engn, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA	Ebrahimian, H (corresponding author), SC Solut Inc, Sunnyvale, CA 94085 USA.; Ebrahimian, H (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	hebrahim@scsolutions.com; ghahari@gmail.com; domniki@caltech.edu; etacir@ucla.edu	Ebrahimian, Hamed/Y-3697-2019; Asimaki, Domniki/A-2274-2013	Asimaki, Domniki/0000-0002-3008-8088	California Geological Survey [106987]	The authors would like to thank Dr. D'Auria from UCLA Institute for Digital Research and Education, who helped us to utilize the UCLA Hoffman cluster for the purpose of this study. This study was supported partially by the California Geological Survey through Contract #106987. This support is gratefully acknowledged. Any opinions, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this study are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the sponsoring agency.		5	0	0	0	0	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA	0895-0563		978-0-7844-8147-9	GEOTECH SP			2018		292					293	299					7	Engineering, Geological	Engineering	BM5OK	WOS:000465323300030					2020-09-09	
S	Garcia-Suarez, J; Asimaki, D		Brandenberg, SJ; Manzari, MT		Garcia-Suarez, Joaquin; Asimaki, Domniki			A Quasi-Static Displacement-Based Approximation of Seismic Earth Pressures on Rigid Walls	GEOTECHNICAL EARTHQUAKE ENGINEERING AND SOIL DYNAMICS V: NUMERICAL MODELING AND SOIL STRUCTURE INTERACTION	Geotechnical Special Publication		English	Proceedings Paper	5th Geotechnical Earthquake Engineering and Soil Dynamics Conference (GEESD)	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Geo Inst, Earthquake Engn & Soil Dynam Tech Comm, Amer Soc Civil Engineers				A number of linear-elastic solutions have been dedicated to resolve the problem of earth pressures on a rigid wall overlying rigid bedrock, among which, the classic solutions have been provided by Matsuo and Ohara (1960), Wood (1973), and Veletsos and Younan (1994). Wood's solution is mathematically involved (it requires evaluation of a double infinite sum) and the other two involve severe simplifying assumptions. An approximation procedure is presented to develop easy-to-evaluate estimates for the lateral earth thrust on rigid retaining walls under quasi-static loading. The procedure is based on the estimation of soil kinematic variables in the vicinity of the wall, from which strains, stresses, and total thrust are obtained. While the procedure is presented for quasi-static loading of a rigid wall overlaying rigid bedrock, this novel approach could be used to account for other complex effects that have been cumbersome to include in state-of-the art earth pressures procedures, such as dynamic loading, soil non-linear behavior, and wall compliance.	[Garcia-Suarez, Joaquin] CALTECH, Grad Aerosp Labs, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Asimaki, Domniki] CALTECH, Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Garcia-Suarez, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Grad Aerosp Labs, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	ajgarcia@caltech.edu; domniki@caltech.edu	Asimaki, Domniki/A-2274-2013	Asimaki, Domniki/0000-0002-3008-8088				6	0	0	0	0	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA	0895-0563		978-0-7844-8147-9	GEOTECH SP			2018		292					300	311					12	Engineering, Geological	Engineering	BM5OK	WOS:000465323300031					2020-09-09	
S	Frank, RL; Nam, PT; Van Den Bosch, H		Bonetto, F; Borthwick, D; Harrell, E; Loss, M		Frank, Rupert L.; Phan Thanh Nam; Van Den Bosch, Hanne			A short proof of the ionization conjecture in Muller theory	MATHEMATICAL PROBLEMS IN QUANTUM PHYSICS	Contemporary Mathematics		English	Proceedings Paper	13th Conference on Mathematical Results in Quantum Physics (QMATH)	OCT 08-11, 2016	Georgia Inst Technol, Atlanta, GA		Georgia Inst Technol	Maximal ionization; Muller density-matrix-functional theory	THOMAS-FERMI; ATOMS; ENERGY	We prove that in Muller theory, a nucleus of charge Z can bind at most Z + C electrons for a constant C independent of Z.	[Frank, Rupert L.] Ludwig Maximilans Univ Munchen, Math Inst, Theresienstr 39, D-80333 Munich, Germany; [Frank, Rupert L.] CALTECH, Math 253-37, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Phan Thanh Nam] Masaryk Univ, Dept Math & Stat, Kotlarska 2, CS-61137 Brno, Czech Republic; [Van Den Bosch, Hanne] Pontificia Univ Catolica Chile, Inst Fis, Av Vicuna Mackenna 4860, Santiago, Chile	Frank, RL (corresponding author), Ludwig Maximilans Univ Munchen, Math Inst, Theresienstr 39, D-80333 Munich, Germany.; Frank, RL (corresponding author), CALTECH, Math 253-37, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	rlfrank@caltech.edu; ptnam@math.muni.cz; hannevdbosch@fis.puc.cl	Nam, Phan Thanh/R-4694-2017	Nam, Phan Thanh/0000-0001-7599-9742; Frank, Rupert/0000-0001-7973-4688	U.S. NSF GrantNational Science Foundation (NSF) [DMS-1363432]; Conicyt (Chile) through CONICYTPCHA/Doctorado Nacional/2014 Project [116-0856]; Iniciativa Cientifica Milenio (Chile) through Millenium Nucleus "Fisica Matematica" [RC-120002]	The first author was supported in part by U.S. NSF Grant DMS-1363432.; The third author was supported in part by Conicyt (Chile) through CONICYTPCHA/Doctorado Nacional/2014 Project #116-0856 and Iniciativa Cientifica Milenio (Chile) through Millenium Nucleus RC-120002 "Fisica Matematica".		16	0	0	4	5	AMER MATHEMATICAL SOC	PROVIDENCE	P.O. BOX 6248, PROVIDENCE, RI 02940 USA	0271-4132	1098-3627	978-1-4704-3681-0	CONTEMP MATH			2018	717						1	12		10.1090/conm/717/14437			12	Mathematics; Quantum Science & Technology	Mathematics; Physics	BM5LI	WOS:000465195200001		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
B	Liu, K; Tiwari, S; Sheng, C; Krishnamoorthy, A; Hong, S; Rajak, P; Kalia, RK; Nakano, A; Nomura, K; Vashishta, P; Kunaseth, M; Naserifar, S; Goddard, WA; Luo, Y; Romero, NA; Shimojo, F			IEEE	Liu, Kuang; Tiwari, Subodh; Sheng, Chunyang; Krishnamoorthy, Aravind; Hong, Sungwook; Rajak, Pankaj; Kalia, Rajiv K.; Nakano, Aiichiro; Nomura, Ken-ichi; Vashishta, Priya; Kunaseth, Manaschai; Naserifar, Saber; Goddard, William A., III; Luo, Ye; Romero, Nichols A.; Shimojo, Fuyuki			Shift-Collapse Acceleration of Generalized Polarizable Reactive Molecular Dynamics for Machine Learning-Assisted Computational Synthesis of Layered Materials	SCALA 2018: PROCEEDINGS OF 2018 IEEE/ACM 9TH WORKSHOP ON LATEST ADVANCES IN SCALABLE ALGORITHMS FOR LARGE-SCALE SYSTEMS (SCALA)			English	Proceedings Paper	9th IEEE/ACM Workshop on Latest Advances in Scalable Algorithms for Large-Scale Systems (scalA)	NOV 12, 2018	Dallas, TX	IEEE, Assoc Comp Machinery, IEEE Comp Soc TCHPC, Assoc Comp Machinery SIGPHC		Applications/Computational materials science and engineering; Algorithms/Hybrid/heterogeneous/accelerated algorithms and other high-performance algorithms	CHARGE EQUILIBRATION; NETWORKS; FIELD	Reactive molecular dynamics is a powerful simulation method for describing chemical reactions. Here, we introduce a new generalized polarizable reactive force-field (ReaxPQ+) model to significantly improve the accuracy by accommodating the reorganization of surrounding media. The increased computation is accelerated by (1) extended Lagrangian approach to eliminate the speed-limiting charge iteration, (2) shift-collapse computation of many-body renormalized n-tuples, which provably minimizes data transfer, (3) multithreading with round-robin data privatization, and (4) data reordering to reduce computation and allow vectorization. The new code achieves (1) weak-scaling parallel efficiency of 0.989 for 131,072 cores, and (2) eight-fold reduction of time-to-solution (T2S) compared with the original code, on an Intel Knights Landing-based computer. The reduced T2S has for the first time allowed purely computational synthesis of atomically-thin transition metal dichalcogenide layers assisted by machine learning to discover a novel synthetic pathway.	[Liu, Kuang; Tiwari, Subodh; Sheng, Chunyang; Krishnamoorthy, Aravind; Hong, Sungwook; Rajak, Pankaj; Kalia, Rajiv K.; Nakano, Aiichiro; Nomura, Ken-ichi; Vashishta, Priya] Univ Southern Calif, Collab Adv Comp & Simulat, Los Angeles, CA 90007 USA; [Kunaseth, Manaschai] Natl Sci & Technol Dev Agcy, Khlong Nueng, Thailand; [Naserifar, Saber; Goddard, William A., III] CALTECH, Mat & Proc Simulat Ctr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Luo, Ye; Romero, Nichols A.] Argonne Natl Lab, Argonne Leadership Comp Facil, Argonne, IL 60439 USA; [Shimojo, Fuyuki] Kumamoto Univ, Dept Phys, Kumamoto, Japan	Liu, K (corresponding author), Univ Southern Calif, Collab Adv Comp & Simulat, Los Angeles, CA 90007 USA.	liukuang@usc.edu; sctiwari@usc.edu; chunyangs@usc.edu; kris658@usc.edu; sungwooh@usc.edu; rajak@usc.edu; rkalia@usc.edu; anakano@usc.edu; knomura@usc.edu; priyav@usc.edu; manaschai@nanotec.or.th; naseri@caltech.edu; wag@wag.caltech.edu; yeluo@anl.gov; naromero@anl.gov; shimojo@kumamoto-u.ac.jp			Computational Materials Sciences Program - U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Science, Basic Energy SciencesUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-SC0014607]; DOE Office of Science User FacilityUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-AC02-06CH11357]	This work was supported as part of the Computational Materials Sciences Program funded by the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Science, Basic Energy Sciences, under Award Number DE-SC0014607. An award of computer time was provided by the Aurora Early Science Program. This research used resources of the Argonne Leadership Computing Facility, which is a DOE Office of Science User Facility supported under Contract DE-AC02-06CH11357.		26	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-7281-0176-7				2018							41	48		10.1109/ScalA.2018.00009			8	Computer Science, Theory & Methods; Mathematics, Applied	Computer Science; Mathematics	BM5RD	WOS:000465426900006		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
B	Asimow, PD		Kono, Y; Sanloup, C		Asimow, Paul D.			MELTS UNDER EXTREME CONDITIONS FROM SHOCK EXPERIMENTS	MAGMAS UNDER PRESSURE: ADVANCES IN HIGH-PRESSURE EXPERIMENTS ON STRUCTURE AND PROPERTIES OF MELTS			English	Article; Book Chapter							EQUATION-OF-STATE; EARTHS LOWERMOST MANTLE; PARTIAL MOLAR VOLUMES; HIGH-PRESSURE; SILICATE MELTS; COORDINATION CHANGES; OXYGEN FUGACITY; ONE BAR; COMPRESSION; LIQUIDS		[Asimow, Paul D.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Asimow, PD (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Asimow, Paul D/E-7451-2010	Asimow, Paul D/0000-0001-6025-8925				87	1	1	0	0	ELSEVIER SCIENCE BV	AMSTERDAM	SARA BURGERHARTSTRAAT 25, PO BOX 211, 1000 AE AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS			978-0-12-811274-8; 978-0-12-811301-1				2018							387	418		10.1016/B978-0-12-811301-1.00015-0			32	Geochemistry & Geophysics; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary	Geochemistry & Geophysics; Geology	BM3OF	WOS:000462447000016					2020-09-09	
S	Teke, O; Vaidyanathan, PP			IEEE	Teke, Oguzhan; Vaidyanathan, P. P.			ENERGY COMPACTION FILTERS ON GRAPHS	2018 IEEE GLOBAL CONFERENCE ON SIGNAL AND INFORMATION PROCESSING (GLOBALSIP 2018)	IEEE Global Conference on Signal and Information Processing		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Global Conference on Signal and Information Processing (GlobalSIP)	NOV 26-29, 2018	Anaheim, CA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, IEEE Signal Proc Soc		Graph signal processing; polynomial filters; concentrated polynomials; Hilbert matrix	SPHEROIDAL WAVE-FUNCTIONS; FOURIER-ANALYSIS; SIGNAL; UNCERTAINTY	In classical signal processing spectral concentration is an important problem that was first formulated and analyzed by Slepian. The solution to this problem gives the optimal FIR filter that can confine the largest amount of energy in a specific bandwidth for a given filter order. The solution is also known as the prolate sequence. This study investigates the same problem for polynomial graph filters. The problem is formulated in both graph-free and graph-dependent fashions. The graph-free formulation assumes a continuous graph spectrum, in which case it becomes the polynomial concentration problem. This formulation has a universal approach that provides a theoretical reference point. However, in reality graphs have discrete spectrum. The graph-dependent formulation assumes that the eigenvalues of the graph are known and formulates the energy compaction problem accordingly. When the eigenvalues of the graph have a uniform distribution, the graph-dependent formulation is shown to be asymptotically equivalent to the graph-free formulation. However, in reality eigenvalues of a graph tend to have different densities across the spectrum. Thus, the optimal filter depends on the underlying graph operator, and a filter cannot be universally optimal for every graph.	[Teke, Oguzhan; Vaidyanathan, P. P.] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, MC 136-93, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Teke, O (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, MC 136-93, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	oteke@caltech.edu; ppvnath@systems.caltech.edu			ONROffice of Naval Research [N00014-18-1-2390, N00014-17-1-2732]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF-1712633]; Electrical Engineering Carver Mead Research Seed Fund of the California Institute of Technology	This work was supported in parts by the ONR grants N00014-18-1-2390 and N00014-17-1-2732, the NSF grant CCF-1712633, and the Electrical Engineering Carver Mead Research Seed Fund of the California Institute of Technology.		23	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2376-4066		978-1-7281-1295-4	IEEE GLOB CONF SIG			2018							783	787					5	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BM4AT	WOS:000462968100159					2020-09-09	
S	Lee, ZJ; Chang, D; Jin, C; Lee, GS; Lee, R; Lee, T; Low, SH			IEEE	Lee, Zachary J.; Chang, Daniel; Jin, Cheng; Lee, George S.; Lee, Rand; Lee, Ted; Low, Steven H.			Large-Scale Adaptive Electric Vehicle Charging	2018 IEEE GLOBAL CONFERENCE ON SIGNAL AND INFORMATION PROCESSING (GLOBALSIP 2018)	IEEE Global Conference on Signal and Information Processing		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Global Conference on Signal and Information Processing (GlobalSIP)	NOV 26-29, 2018	Anaheim, CA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, IEEE Signal Proc Soc		Electric vehicles; adaptive charging; online scheduling; ACN deployment; intelligent infrastructure		Large-scale charging infrastructure will play an important role in supporting the adoption of electric vehicles. In this extended abstract, we describe a unique physical testbed for large-scale, high-density EV charging research which we call the Adaptive Charging Network (ACN). We describe the architecture of the ACN including its hardware and software components. We also present a practical framework for online scheduling, which is based on model predictive control and convex optimization. We use simulations based on real data collected from the ACN to illustrate the trade-offs involved in accounting for non-ideal charging behavior.	[Lee, Zachary J.; Chang, Daniel; Lee, Rand; Low, Steven H.] CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Jin, Cheng; Lee, George S.; Lee, Ted; Low, Steven H.] PowerFlex Syst, Los Altos, CA USA	Lee, ZJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	zlee@caltech.edu; slow@caltech.edu	Low, Steven/AAV-7687-2020		National Science Foundation Graduate Research FellowshipNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1745301]; NSF AIR-TT [1602119]; NSF CTT [1637598]	This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship under Grant No. 1745301, NSF AIR-TT under Grant No. 1602119, and NSF CTT under Grant No. 1637598.		3	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2376-4066		978-1-7281-1295-4	IEEE GLOB CONF SIG			2018							863	864					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BM4AT	WOS:000462968100175					2020-09-09	
S	Madoery, PG; Fraire, JA; Raverta, FD; Finochietto, JM; Burleigh, SC			IEEE	Madoery, Pablo G.; Fraire, Juan A.; Raverta, Fernando D.; Finochietto, Jorge M.; Burleigh, Scott C.			Managing Routing Scalability in Space DTNs	2018 6TH IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON WIRELESS FOR SPACE AND EXTREME ENVIRONMENTS (WISEE)	International Conference on Wireless for Space and Extreme Environments		English	Proceedings Paper	6th IEEE International Conference on Wireless for Space and Extreme Environments (WiSEE)	DEC 11-13, 2018	Huntsville, AL	IEEE, IEEE USA, IEEE Canada, IEEE Council RFID, IEEE Ultrason Ferroelectr & Frequency Control Soc		Delay Tolerant Networks; Space and Satellite Networks; Inter-Region Routing	CONTACT PLANS; DESIGN	Space networks, comprised of satellites, deep-space proves as well as the corresponding ground segment usually rely on scheduled contact plans, which are exploited by Delay-Tolerant Networks (DTN) routing algorithms to optimize data delivery. However, as space networks grow in size, the process of obtaining routes and forwarding traffic becomes both computationally expensive and challenging, thus limiting the overall scalability of the system. This problem becomes critical when routing is executed in resource-constrained on-board computers. While most of previous works have focused on optimizing data delivery performance, we propose two mechanisms to improve the computation effort and scalability of the routing procedure at the expense of an acceptable decrease in performance. Results from simulations of realistic satellite networks provide evidences on the trade-off in different cases.	[Madoery, Pablo G.; Fraire, Juan A.; Raverta, Fernando D.; Finochietto, Jorge M.] UNC, FCEFyN, Cordoba, Argentina; [Madoery, Pablo G.; Fraire, Juan A.; Raverta, Fernando D.; Finochietto, Jorge M.] Consejo Nacl Invest Cient & Tecn, Inst Estudios Avanzados Ingn & Tecnol IDIT, Cordoba, Argentina; [Burleigh, Scott C.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA USA	Madoery, PG (corresponding author), UNC, FCEFyN, Cordoba, Argentina.; Madoery, PG (corresponding author), Consejo Nacl Invest Cient & Tecn, Inst Estudios Avanzados Ingn & Tecnol IDIT, Cordoba, Argentina.		Fraire, Juan/AAB-8670-2020		National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	Part of this research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		19	1	1	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2380-7636		978-1-5386-4244-3	INT CONF WIREL SPAC			2018							177	182					6	Engineering, Aerospace; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM4AZ	WOS:000462976300030					2020-09-09	
S	Net, MS; Burleigh, S			IEEE	Net, Marc Sanchez; Burleigh, Scott			Evaluation of Opportunistic Contact Graph Routing in Random Mobility Environments	2018 6TH IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON WIRELESS FOR SPACE AND EXTREME ENVIRONMENTS (WISEE)	International Conference on Wireless for Space and Extreme Environments		English	Proceedings Paper	6th IEEE International Conference on Wireless for Space and Extreme Environments (WiSEE)	DEC 11-13, 2018	Huntsville, AL	IEEE, IEEE USA, IEEE Canada, IEEE Council RFID, IEEE Ultrason Ferroelectr & Frequency Control Soc		delay tolerant networks; opportunistic routing		Routing in networks where nodes move randomly is particularly challenging due their potentially unpredictable, and rapidly changing topology. Several routing algorithms have been presented in the literature to address the needs of such networks, most of them implementing variants of controlled network flooding in the hope of successful data delivery. In this note, we compare the results of previous routing algorithms with Opportunistic Contact Graph Routing (OCGR), an enhanced version of Contact Graph Routing (CGR) that is suitable for networks where contacts cannot always be scheduled ahead of time. To perform the benchmark, we simulate a network of nodes moving in a certain space according to the Random Waypoint Mobility Model, and then take measurements of bundle delivery probabilty and overhead ratio as metrics of performance and cost respectively. Through this exercise, we demonstrate that the performance of OCGR is highly dependent on the type of network under consideration (e.g. very sparse vs. densely connected) and the assumed mobility model.	[Net, Marc Sanchez; Burleigh, Scott] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Net, MS (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	marc.sanchez.net@jpl.nasa.gov; scott.c.burleigh@jpl.nasa.gov						11	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2380-7636		978-1-5386-4244-3	INT CONF WIREL SPAC			2018							183	188					6	Engineering, Aerospace; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM4AZ	WOS:000462976300031					2020-09-09	
B	Monga, I; Guok, C; MacAuley, J; Sim, A; Newman, H; Balcas, J; Demar, P; Winkler, L; Lehman, T; Yang, X			IEEE	Monga, Inder; Guok, Chin; MacAuley, John; Sim, Alex; Newman, Harvey; Balcas, Justas; Demar, Phil; Winkler, Linda; Lehman, Tom; Yang, Xi			SDN for End-to-end Networked Science at the Exascale (SENSE)	PROCEEDINGS OF INDIS 2018: IEEE/ACM INNOVATING THE NETWORK FOR DATA-INTENSIVE SCIENCE (INDIS)			English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE/ACM Conference on Innovating the Network for Data-Intensive Science (INDIS)	NOV 11, 2018	Dallas, TX	IEEE, ACM, IEEE Comp Soc TCHPC, ACM SIGHPC		Intent based networking; multi-resource orchestration; intelligent network services; distributed infrastructure; resource modeling		The Software-defined network for End-to-end Networked Science at Exascale (SENSE) research project is building smart network services to accelerate scientific discovery in the era of 'big data' driven by Exascale, cloud computing, machine learning and AI. The project's architecture, models, and demonstrated prototype define the mechanisms needed to dynamically build end-to-end virtual guaranteed networks across administrative domains, with no manual intervention. In addition, a highly intuitive 'intent' based interface, as defined by the project, allows applications to express their high-level service requirements, and an intelligent, scalable model-based software orchestrator converts that intent into appropriate network services, configured across multiple types of devices. The significance of these capabilities is the ability for science applications to manage the network as a first-class schedulable resource akin to instruments, compute, and storage, to enable well defined and highly tuned complex workflows that require close coupling of resources spread across a vast geographic footprint such as those used in science domains like high-energy physics and basic energy sciences.	[Monga, Inder; Guok, Chin; MacAuley, John; Sim, Alex] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Energy Sci Network, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Newman, Harvey; Balcas, Justas] CALTECH, Div Phys Math & Astron, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Demar, Phil] Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, Comp Div, POB 500, Batavia, IL 60510 USA; [Winkler, Linda] Argonne Natl Lab, Comp Environm & Life Sci Div, 9700 S Cass Ave, Argonne, IL 60439 USA; [Lehman, Tom; Yang, Xi] Univ Maryland, Mid Atlantic Crossroads, College Pk, MD 20742 USA	Monga, I (corresponding author), Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Energy Sci Network, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	imonga@es.net; chin@es.net; macauley@es.net; asim@lbl.gov; newman@hep.caltech.edu; jbalcas@caltech.edu; demar@fnal.gov; winkler@mcs.anl.gov; tlehman@umd.edu; maxyang@umd.edu		Sim, Alex/0000-0002-6295-1982	Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE); National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); OLiMPS, DOE/ASCR, DOE awardUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-SC0007346]; SDN-Next Generation Integrated Architecture (SDN-NGenIA), DOE/ASCR [DE-SC0015527]; SDN for End-to-end Networked Science at the Exascale (SENSE), DOE/ASCR [DE-SC0015528, FP00002494, DE-SC0016585]; ANSE, NSF award [1246133]; CHOPIN, NSF award [1341024]; US CMS Tier2, NSF award [1120138]; Resource Aware Intelligent Network Services (RAINS), DOE/ASCR [DE-SC0010716]	We appreciate the contributions to Intent APIs and superfacility use case by Mariam Kiran and NERSC testbed deployment through Damian Hazen and Jason Lee. Work discussed in this paper was supported through multiple projects from Department of Energy and National Science Foundation projects including the following:; Caltech; OLiMPS, DOE/ASCR, DOE award #DE-SC0007346; SDN-Next Generation Integrated Architecture (SDN-NGenIA), DOE/ASCR, DE-SC0015527; SDN for End-to-end Networked Science at the Exascale (SENSE), DOE/ASCR, DE-SC0015528; ANSE, NSF award #1246133; CHOPIN, NSF award #1341024; US CMS Tier2, NSF award #1120138; University of Maryland; SDN for End-to-end Networked Science at the Exascale (SENSE), DOE/ASCR, DE-SC0016585; Resource Aware Intelligent Network Services (RAINS), DOE/ASCR, DE-SC0010716; Fermi National Accelerator; SDN for End-to-end Networked Science at the Exascale (SENSE), DOE/ASCR; Argonne National Lab; SDN for End-to-end Networked Science at the Exascale (SENSE), DOE/ASCR; Lawrence Berkeley National Lab/ESnet; SDN for End-to-end Networked Science at the Exascale (SENSE), DOE/ASCR, FP00002494		3	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-7281-0194-1				2018							33	44		10.1109/INDIS.2018.00007			12	Computer Science, Theory & Methods; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Computer Science; Engineering	BM4AQ	WOS:000462962700004					2020-09-09	
S	Marino, J; Cvitkovic, M; Yue, YS		Bengio, S; Wallach, H; Larochelle, H; Grauman, K; CesaBianchi, N; Garnett, R		Marino, Joseph; Cvitkovic, Milan; Yue, Yisong			A General Method for Amortizing Variational Filtering	ADVANCES IN NEURAL INFORMATION PROCESSING SYSTEMS 31 (NIPS 2018)	Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	32nd Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS)	DEC 02-08, 2018	Montreal, CANADA					We introduce the variational filtering EM algorithm, a simple, general-purpose method for performing variational inference in dynamical latent variable models using information from only past and present variables, i.e. filtering. The algorithm is derived from the variational objective in the filtering setting and consists of an optimization procedure at each time step. By performing each inference optimization procedure with an iterative amortized inference model, we obtain a computationally efficient implementation of the algorithm, which we call amortized variational filtering. We present experiments demonstrating that this general-purpose method improves performance across several deep dynamical latent variable models.	[Marino, Joseph; Cvitkovic, Milan; Yue, Yisong] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Marino, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	jmarino@caltech.edu; mcvitkovic@caltech.edu; yyue@caltech.edu			JPL [PDF 1584398]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1564330, 1637598]	We would like to thank Matteo Ruggero Ronchi for helpful discussions. This work was supported by the following grants: JPL PDF 1584398, NSF 1564330, and NSF 1637598.		43	0	0	0	0	NEURAL INFORMATION PROCESSING SYSTEMS (NIPS)	LA JOLLA	10010 NORTH TORREY PINES RD, LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA 92037 USA	1049-5258			ADV NEUR IN			2018	31												12	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Computer Science	BM3CA	WOS:000461852002041					2020-09-09	
S	Salehi, F; Abbasi, E; Hassibi, B		Bengio, S; Wallach, H; Larochelle, H; Grauman, K; CesaBianchi, N; Garnett, R		Salehi, Fariborz; Abbasi, Ehsan; Hassibi, Babak			Learning without the Phase: Regularized PhaseMax Achieves Optimal Sample Complexity	ADVANCES IN NEURAL INFORMATION PROCESSING SYSTEMS 31 (NIPS 2018)	Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	32nd Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS)	DEC 02-08, 2018	Montreal, CANADA				SIGNAL RECOVERY; RETRIEVAL; ALGORITHMS	The problem of estimating an unknown signal, x(0) is an element of R-n, from a vector y is an element of R-m consisting of m magnitude-only measurements of the form y(i) = vertical bar a(i)x(0)vertical bar, where a(i)'s are the rows of a known measurement matrix A, is a classical problem known as phase retrieval. This problem arises when measuring the phase is costly or altogether infeasible. In many applications in machine learning, signal processing, statistics, etc., the underlying signal has certain structure (sparse, low-rank, finite alphabet, etc.), opening of up the possibility of recovering x(0) from a number of measurements smaller than the ambient dimension, i.e., m < n. Ideally, one would like to recover the signal from a number of phaseless measurements that is on the order of the "degrees of freedom" of the structured x(0). To this end, inspired by the PhaseMax algorithm, we formulate a convex optimization problem, where the objective function relies on an initial estimate of the true signal and also includes an additive regularization term to encourage structure. The new formulation is referred to as regularized PhaseMax. We analyze the performance of regularized PhaseMax to find the minimum number of phaseless measurements required for perfect signal recovery. The results are asymptotic and are in terms of the geometrical properties (such as the Gaussian width) of certain convex cones. When the measurement matrix has i.i.d. Gaussian entries, we show that our proposed method is indeed order-wise optimal, allowing perfect recovery from a number of phaseless measurements that is only a constant factor away from the optimal number of measurements required when phase information is available. We explicitly compute this constant factor, in terms of the quality of the initial estimate, by deriving the exact phase transition. The theory well matches empirical results from numerical simulations.	[Salehi, Fariborz; Abbasi, Ehsan; Hassibi, Babak] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Salehi, F (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	fsalehi@caltech.edu; eabbasi@caltech.edu; hassibi@caltech.edu			National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CNS-0932428, CCF-1018927, CCF-1423663, CCF-1409204]; Qualcomm Inc.; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory through the President and Director's Fund; King Abdullah University of Science and TechnologyKing Abdullah University of Science & Technology	This work was supported in part by the National Science Foundation under grants CNS-0932428, CCF-1018927, CCF-1423663 and CCF-1409204, by a grant from Qualcomm Inc., by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory through the President and Director's Fund, and by King Abdullah University of Science and Technology.		49	0	0	0	0	NEURAL INFORMATION PROCESSING SYSTEMS (NIPS)	LA JOLLA	10010 NORTH TORREY PINES RD, LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA 92037 USA	1049-5258			ADV NEUR IN			2018	31												12	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Computer Science	BM3CA	WOS:000461852003022					2020-09-09	
B	Bar-Cohen, Y; Badescu, M; Lee, HJ; Sherrit, S; Bao, XQ; Jackson, S; Metz, B; Simonini, A; Zacny, K; Mellerowicz, B; Kim, D; Paulsen, GL		Malla, RB; Goldberg, RK; Roberts, AD		Bar-Cohen, Yoseph; Badescu, Mircea; Lee, Hyeong Jae; Sherrit, Stewart; Bao, Xiaoqi; Jackson, Shannon; Metz, Brandon; Simonini, Alan; Zacny, Kris; Mellerowicz, Bolek; Kim, Daniel; Paulsen, Gale L.			Auto-Gopher-2-An Autonomous Wireline Rotary Piezo-Percussive Deep Drilling Mechanism	EARTH AND SPACE 2018: ENGINEERING FOR EXTREME ENVIRONMENTS			English	Proceedings Paper	16th Biennial International Conference on Engineering, Science, Construction, and Operations in Challenging Environments (Earth & Space)	APR 09-12, 2018	Cleveland, OH	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Aerosp Div			ULTRASONIC/SONIC DRILLER/CORER	Drilling deep into the subsurface of planetary bodies in the Solar System for samples acquisition enables critical capabilities for future NASA exploration missions in its quest to understand the origins of the Solar System and potentially the search for life. Such planetary bodies as Mars and Europa are key targets for potential missions that would require reaching great depths. Performing drilling while using minimal mass/volume systems and with low energy consumption are the main requirements that are imposed on such technologies. A wireline deep drill, called Auto-Gopher-2, is currently being developed as a joint effort between JPL and Honeybee Robotics Ltd. The Auto-Gopher II is a wireline rotary piezo-percussive deep drilling mechanism that combines formation breaking by rotating and piezoelectric actuator hammering and cuttings removal by rotating a fluted bit. The hammering mechanism is based on the ultrasonic/sonic drill/corer (USDC) mechanism that has been developed as an adaptable tool for many drilling and coring applications. The USDC uses an intermediate ball-shape free-mass to transform high frequency vibrations of a piezoelectric transducer horn tip into sonic hammering of the drill bit. The lessons learned from the previous studies are being implemented into the development of the Auto-Gopher-II, an autonomous deep wireline drill with integrated cuttings and sample management and drive electronics. Subsystems of the wireline drill are being developed in parallel at JPL and Honeybee Robotics, Ltd. Issues related to the bit and its ability to retain the cuttings for caching and removal are currently being addressed. This paper presents the development efforts of the piezoelectric actuator, cuttings removal and retention flutes, and drive electronics.	[Bar-Cohen, Yoseph; Badescu, Mircea; Lee, Hyeong Jae; Sherrit, Stewart; Bao, Xiaoqi; Jackson, Shannon; Metz, Brandon; Simonini, Alan] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, MS 67-119,4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Zacny, Kris; Mellerowicz, Bolek; Kim, Daniel; Paulsen, Gale L.] Honeybee Robot Spacecraft Mech Corp, Pasadena, CA USA	Bar-Cohen, Y (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, MS 67-119,4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	yosi@jpl.nasa.gov			NASA's MatISSE (Maturation of Instruments for Solar System Exploration) program	Research reported in this abstract was conducted at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), California Institute of Technology, jointly with Honeybee Robotics under a contract with National Aeronautics Space Administration (NASA). This research is funded by the NASA's MatISSE (Maturation of Instruments for Solar System Exploration) program.		7	0	0	0	4	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA			978-0-7844-8189-9				2018							307	316					10	Engineering, Aerospace; Engineering, Civil	Engineering	BM3JZ	WOS:000462200100031					2020-09-09	
B	Yahnker, CR; Brinkman, A; Hendry, ML; Jasper, JD; Shiraishi, LR; Hofmann, AE; Siegel, KJ; Tevere, EL		Malla, RB; Goldberg, RK; Roberts, AD		Yahnker, Christopher R.; Brinkman, Alexander; Hendry, Morgan L.; Jasper, Jay D.; Shiraishi, Lori R.; Hofmann, Amy E.; Siegel, Katherine J.; Tevere, Erica L.			Introduction to Tools and Techniques for Surface Sampling on Europa	EARTH AND SPACE 2018: ENGINEERING FOR EXTREME ENVIRONMENTS			English	Proceedings Paper	16th Biennial International Conference on Engineering, Science, Construction, and Operations in Challenging Environments (Earth & Space)	APR 09-12, 2018	Cleveland, OH	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Aerosp Div				The NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) is studying excavation and collection of a sample from an icy surface for a potential landed mission to Europa. Europa presents unique challenges in planetary sampling. Very little is known about the local topography and material composition of the surface. The environmental conditions of being cryogenically cold (80-130 K), low gravity (similar to 1/7th Earth), no atmosphere, low lighting conditions, and limited ground in the loop opportunities have forced JPL to look at sampling differently than past missions. Interacting with the surface of the Jovian moon requires a sampling system that is robust to local topography on the scale of the lander and/or the tool. In addition, the sampling system must be capable both of detecting faults and automatically adjusting to them to achieve the mission objectives without ground in the loop feedback. Presented here is an overview of a sampling system concept that involves a two-stage approach for collecting a sample. The first stage uses an excavation tool to prepare the surface site for sample collection by removing the top layer of irradiated material and clearing tailings from the hole. The second stage then generates and collects a sample for delivery to instruments on-board a lander. Also presented is an introduction for how autonomy and sensing technologies might be employed to enable mission success.	[Yahnker, Christopher R.; Brinkman, Alexander; Hendry, Morgan L.; Jasper, Jay D.; Shiraishi, Lori R.; Hofmann, Amy E.; Siegel, Katherine J.; Tevere, Erica L.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Yahnker, CR (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	cyahnker@jpl.nasa.gov; abrinkman@jpl.nasa.gov; mhendry@jpl.nasa.gov; jjasper@jpl.nasa.gov; lori.r.shiraishi@jpl.nasa.gov; amy.e.hofmann@jpl.nasa.gov; ksiegel@jpl.nasa.gov; etevere@jpl.nasa.gov						10	0	0	0	0	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA			978-0-7844-8189-9				2018							501	511					11	Engineering, Aerospace; Engineering, Civil	Engineering	BM3JZ	WOS:000462200100048					2020-09-09	
B	Man, KF		Malla, RB; Goldberg, RK; Roberts, AD		Man, Kin F.			Environmental Requirements and Verification for NASA's Planned Europa Clipper Mission	EARTH AND SPACE 2018: ENGINEERING FOR EXTREME ENVIRONMENTS			English	Proceedings Paper	16th Biennial International Conference on Engineering, Science, Construction, and Operations in Challenging Environments (Earth & Space)	APR 09-12, 2018	Cleveland, OH	Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Amer Soc Civil Engineers, Aerosp Div				NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) and its partner are planning a mission to explore an icy moon of Jupiter, Europa. The objective of the planned Europa Clipper mission is to gain insight into the key ingredients for this potentially habitable world. This mission will conduct investigations using a suite of instruments that includes a set of five remote sensing instruments, four in situ fields and particles instruments, and a two-channel ice-penetrating radar. Among its science objectives are to produce high-resolution images of Europa's surface, determine its composition, look for signs of recent or ongoing activity, measure the thickness of the ice shell, search for subsurface lakes, and determine the depth and salinity of Europa's ocean. Europa Clipper is expected to encounter a very challenging environment, particularly in radiation. This paper provides a comprehensive description of the challenging environments and the environmental requirements that are levied onto the Europa Clipper system design. The mitigations activities being conducted or planned to ensure compliance with the severe environments will be described. Also discussed will be how the environmental requirements are verified and at which level of integration to ensure mission success.	[Man, Kin F.] NASAs, Jet Prop Lab, CALTECH, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Man, KF (corresponding author), NASAs, Jet Prop Lab, CALTECH, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	kinfung.man@jpl.nasa.gov						1	0	0	0	0	AMER SOC CIVIL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	UNITED ENGINEERING CENTER, 345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017-2398 USA			978-0-7844-8189-9				2018							1162	1175					14	Engineering, Aerospace; Engineering, Civil	Engineering	BM3JZ	WOS:000462200100110					2020-09-09	
B	Vaudrin, CV; Palo, SE; Chau, JL			IEEE	Vaudrin, Cody V.; Palo, Scott E.; Chau, Jorge L.			Complex Plane Specular Meteor Radar Interferometry	2018 2ND URSI ATLANTIC RADIO SCIENCE MEETING (AT-RASC)			English	Proceedings Paper	2nd URSI Atlantic Radio Science Meeting (AT-RASC)	MAY 28-JUN 01, 2018	Meloneras, SPAIN						[Vaudrin, Cody V.; Palo, Scott E.] Univ Colorado Boulder, Dept Aerosp Engn Sci, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Vaudrin, Cody V.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Chau, Jorge L.] Leibniz Inst Atmospher Phys, Kuhlungsborn, Germany	Vaudrin, CV (corresponding author), Univ Colorado Boulder, Dept Aerosp Engn Sci, Boulder, CO 80309 USA.; Vaudrin, CV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							0	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-9-0825-9873-5				2018													1	Optics; Telecommunications	Optics; Telecommunications	BM3GF	WOS:000462069500093					2020-09-09	
S	Chen, YX; Singla, A; Mac Aodha, O; Perona, P; Yue, YS		Bengio, S; Wallach, H; Larochelle, H; Grauman, K; CesaBianchi, N; Garnett, R		Chen, Yuxin; Singla, Adish; Mac Aodha, Oisin; Perona, Pietro; Yue, Yisong			Understanding the Role of Adaptivity in Machine Teaching: The Case of Version Space Learners	ADVANCES IN NEURAL INFORMATION PROCESSING SYSTEMS 31 (NIPS 2018)	Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	32nd Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems (NIPS)	DEC 02-08, 2018	Montreal, CANADA				SAMPLE	In real-world applications of education, an effective teacher adaptively chooses the next example to teach based on the learner's current state. However, most existing work in algorithmic machine teaching focuses on the batch setting, where adaptivity plays no role. In this paper, we study the case of teaching consistent, version space learners in an interactive setting. At any time step, the teacher provides an example, the learner performs an update, and the teacher observes the learner's new state. We highlight that adaptivity does not speed up the teaching process when considering existing models of version space learners, such as the "worst-case" model (the learner picks the next hypothesis randomly from the version space) and the "preference-based" model (the learner picks hypothesis according to some global preference). Inspired by human teaching, we propose a new model where the learner picks hypotheses according to some local preference defined by the current hypothesis. We show that our model exhibits several desirable properties, e.g., adaptivity plays a key role, and the learner's transitions over hypotheses are smooth/interpretable. We develop adaptive teaching algorithms, and demonstrate our results via simulation and user studies.	[Chen, Yuxin; Mac Aodha, Oisin; Perona, Pietro; Yue, Yisong] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Singla, Adish] MPI SWS, Saarbrucken, Germany	Chen, YX (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	chenyux@caltech.edu; adishs@mpi-sws.org; macaodha@caltech.edu; perona@caltech.edu; yyue@caltech.edu			Northrop Grumman; Bloomberg; AWS Research Credits; Google as part of the Visipedia project; Swiss NSF Early Mobility Postdoctoral Fellowship	This work was supported in part by Northrop Grumman, Bloomberg, AWS Research Credits, Google as part of the Visipedia project, and a Swiss NSF Early Mobility Postdoctoral Fellowship.		37	0	0	0	0	NEURAL INFORMATION PROCESSING SYSTEMS (NIPS)	LA JOLLA	10010 NORTH TORREY PINES RD, LA JOLLA, CALIFORNIA 92037 USA	1049-5258			ADV NEUR IN			2018	31												11	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Computer Science	BM3BF	WOS:000461823301046					2020-09-09	
B	Chattopadhyay, G; Alonso-delPino, M; Jung-Kubiak, C; Reck, T; Lee, C; Chahat, N; Rahiminejad, S; Gonzalez-Ovejero, D			IEEE	Chattopadhyay, Goutam; Alonso-delPino, Maria; Jung-Kubiak, Cecile; Reck, Theodore; Lee, Choonsup; Chahat, Nacer; Rahiminejad, Sofia; Gonzalez-Ovejero, David			Terahertz Antenna Technologies for Space Science Applications	2018 INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION (ISAP)			English	Proceedings Paper	International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation (ISAP)	OCT 23-26, 2018	Busan, SOUTH KOREA	KIEES, IEICE Commun Soc, APS, IEEE APS Seoul Chapter, U R S I, Inst Elect & Informat Engineers, KICS, EurAAP, EuCap, IET, ECTI Assoc, REV, Inst Antenna Engineers Taiwan, Anritsu, Hanwha Syst, Korea Commun Agcy, ANSYS, Eretc Inc, HCT Co Ltd, Innertron, iSpec, Lig Nex1, Microwave Technologies Grp, Sungwon, Kaist, SK telecom, Ace Technol, BWERC, iWPRC, KMW, Meta Mat, RadiNa, Scanjet Macron, Korea Automot Technol Inst, kt, Signal Intelligence Res Ctr		antenna; low-profile; terahertz; CubeSat; SmallSat; silicon; micromachining		In this review paper we explore different antenna technologies at terahertz frequencies for space science and other applications. We show that the antenna technologies generally used at lower frequencies are difficult to implement at terahertz frequencies. Additionally, one has to take a few extra steps and special care for designing antennas for space-based applications. In this paper, we review different design and implementation options for millimeter-wave and terahertz antennas for space applications. We detail how antenna design has to be a part of the overall system design for the success of the instruments for space missions. We also look into low-mass and low-profile conformal antenna technologies that will have a profound impact on future space instruments at terahertz frequencies.	[Chattopadhyay, Goutam; Alonso-delPino, Maria; Jung-Kubiak, Cecile; Reck, Theodore; Lee, Choonsup; Chahat, Nacer; Rahiminejad, Sofia] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Gonzalez-Ovejero, David] Inst Elect & Telecommun Rennes, CNRS, UMR 6164, Rennes, France	Chattopadhyay, G (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	goutam@jpl.nasa.gov	Gonzalez-Ovejero, David/AAA-1094-2020	Gonzalez-Ovejero, David/0000-0002-2552-0649				7	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-89-5708-304-8				2018													2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM2RJ	WOS:000461368600016					2020-09-09	
B	Lee, C; Gonzalez-Ovejero, D; Alonso-delPino, M; Reck, T; Peralta, A; Mehdi, I; Chattopdhyay, G			IEEE	Lee, Choonsup; Gonzalez-Ovejero, D.; Alonso-delPino, M.; Reck, T.; Peralta, A.; Mehdi, I; Chattopdhyay, Goutam			Fabrication of Devices and Antennas for Millimeter-Wave and Terahertz Systems	2018 INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION (ISAP)			English	Proceedings Paper	International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation (ISAP)	OCT 23-26, 2018	Busan, SOUTH KOREA	KIEES, IEICE Commun Soc, APS, IEEE APS Seoul Chapter, U R S I, Inst Elect & Informat Engineers, KICS, EurAAP, EuCap, IET, ECTI Assoc, REV, Inst Antenna Engineers Taiwan, Anritsu, Hanwha Syst, Korea Commun Agcy, ANSYS, Eretc Inc, HCT Co Ltd, Innertron, iSpec, Lig Nex1, Microwave Technologies Grp, Sungwon, Kaist, SK telecom, Ace Technol, BWERC, iWPRC, KMW, Meta Mat, RadiNa, Scanjet Macron, Korea Automot Technol Inst, kt, Signal Intelligence Res Ctr		Silicon Platelets; Corrugated Antenna; Submillimeter wave; Heterodyne; Deep silicon etching		We have demonstrated corrugated horn antennas at 340 GHz and 560 GHz fabricated with deep reactive ion etching (DRIE) process on silicon. The measurement of a single 340 GHz antenna showed that the return loss and gain are approximately 25 dB and 21 dBi, respectively. The measurement of two of the 2x2 560 GIIz array antenna showed that the return loss and directivity are 13 dB and 22 dB, respectively. All of the measured antennas had below -25 dB of the cross-polarization and symmetrical beam patterns. The silicon microfabrication technique allows fabrication of hundreds of horn antennas at once, allowing construction of multi-pixel heterodyne imagers and spectrometers at submillimeter wavelengths.	[Lee, Choonsup; Alonso-delPino, M.; Reck, T.; Peralta, A.; Mehdi, I; Chattopdhyay, Goutam] CALTECH, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Gonzalez-Ovejero, D.] Inst Elect & Telecommun Rennes, UMR CNRS 6164, F-35042 Rennes, France	Lee, C (corresponding author), CALTECH, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Choonsup.Lee@JPL.NASA.GOV	Gonzalez-Ovejero, David/AAA-1094-2020	Gonzalez-Ovejero, David/0000-0002-2552-0649	JPL. CALTECH, Pasadena, CA under a contract with NASA	This work was carried out at the JPL. CALTECH, Pasadena, CA under a contract with NASA. Copyright 2018. All rights reserved.		5	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-89-5708-304-8				2018													2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM2RJ	WOS:000461368600285					2020-09-09	
S	Gulati, GK; Chung, S; Le, T; Prestage, J; Yi, L; Tjoelker, R; Yu, N; Holland, C			IEEE	Gulati, Gurpreet Kaur; Chung, Sang; Thanh Le; Prestage, John; Yi, Lin; Tjoelker, Robert; Yu, Nan; Holland, Chris			Miniatured and Low Power Mercury Microwave Ion Clock	2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL FREQUENCY CONTROL SYMPOSIUM (IFCS)	IEEE International Frequency Control Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE International Frequency Control Symposium (IFCS)	MAY 21-24, 2018	CA	IEEE, IEEE Ultrason Ferroelectr & Frequency Control Soc, SDI		atomic frequency standard; mercury ion; Field emitter array		Trapped mercury ion frequency standards are pumped with discharge lamps, offering a unique approach with simplicity and robustness. This paper describes the development of a miniature mercury ion trap package intended for a low-power atomic clock based on the 40.5-GHz ground state hyperfine transition of trapped Hg-199.	[Gulati, Gurpreet Kaur; Chung, Sang; Thanh Le; Prestage, John; Yi, Lin; Tjoelker, Robert; Yu, Nan] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Holland, Chris] SRI Int, Sensor Syst Lab, 333 Ravenswood Ave, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA	Yu, N (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Nan.Yu@jpl.nasa.gov	Yu, Nanfang/AAA-2634-2020		Defense Advanced Research Projects AgencyUnited States Department of DefenseDefense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA)	This work was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Support from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency is acknowledged. The views, opinions and/or findings expressed are those of the author and should not be interpreted as representing the official views or policies of the Department of Defense or the U.S. Government		2	1	1	2	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1075-6787		978-1-5386-3214-7	P IEEE INT FREQ CONT			2018							187	188					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Physics, Applied; Telecommunications	Engineering; Physics; Telecommunications	BM2QC	WOS:000461285600054					2020-09-09	
S	Toennies, MO; Yi, L; Burt, EA; Tjoelker, RL			IEEE	Toennies, Michael O.; Yi, Lin; Burt, Eric A.; Tjoelker, Robert L.			A Low SWaP-C prototype Ka-band Frequency Synthesizer for Atomic Clocks	2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL FREQUENCY CONTROL SYMPOSIUM (IFCS)	IEEE International Frequency Control Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE International Frequency Control Symposium (IFCS)	MAY 21-24, 2018	CA	IEEE, IEEE Ultrason Ferroelectr & Frequency Control Soc, SDI		atomic clock; frequency synthesizer; low power		We present a low size, weight, power and cost (SWaP-C) prototype circuit of a Ka-band frequency synthesizer. It takes advantage of a phase-locked loop single integrated circuit (IC) and harmonic generation with high speed CMOS gates. We use a direct digital synthesizer (DDS) IC to tune the final output with micro-Hertz resolution. An ultra-low-power micro controller that could serve as the clock controller is used to control the PLL and the DDS. All components are commercial off the shelf (COTS) with acceptable industrial support. The total power consumption is about 1.6 Watt with -45 dBm useful output at 40.507347996 GHz. The short-term instability introduced by the prototype is 7.3E-14 at 1s. The prototyped subsystem uses COTS demonstration boards for the sake of agile prototyping. There is still significant margin for improvement of the size and weight.	[Toennies, Michael O.; Yi, Lin; Burt, Eric A.; Tjoelker, Robert L.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Toennies, Michael O.] Boeing Co, RF Prod, El Segundo, CA USA	Yi, L (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Lin.Yi@jpl.nasa.gov						3	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1075-6787		978-1-5386-3214-7	P IEEE INT FREQ CONT			2018							372	374					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Physics, Applied; Telecommunications	Engineering; Physics; Telecommunications	BM2QC	WOS:000461285600105					2020-09-09	
S	Tammaro, L; Di Luccio, T; Borriello, C; Loffredo, F; Ramachandran, K; Villani, F; Di Benedetto, F; Schiller, T; Minarini, C; Kornfield, JA		DAmore, A; Acierno, D; Grassia, L		Tammaro, Loredana; Di Luccio, Tiziana; Borriello, Carmela; Loffredo, Fausta; Ramachandran, Karthik; Villani, Fulvia; Di Benedetto, Francesca; Schiller, Tara; Minarini, Carla; Kornfield, Julia A.			Effect of Tungsten Disulfide (WS2) nanotubes on structural, morphological and mechanical properties of Poly(L-lactide) (PLLA) films	9TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON TIMES OF POLYMERS AND COMPOSITES: FROM AEROSPACE TO NANOTECHNOLOGY	AIP Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	9th International Conference on Times of Polymers (TOP) and Composites - From Aerospace to Nanotechnology	JUN 17-21, 2018	Ischia, ITALY	Joint Initiat Univ Campania Luigi Vanvitelli, Univ Naples Federico II		Polylactide; tungsten disulfide nanotubes; nanocomposites; bioresorbable vascular scaffolds	ACID	Poly(L-lactide) (PLLA) is a semicrystalline, biocompatible and biodegradable polymer widely employed in many applications (food packaging, biomedical devices, drug delivery systems). This work deals with nanocomposites of PLLA and tungsten disulfide (WS2) nanotubes (NTs) as a novel material to obtain thinner and stronger bioresorbable vascular scaffolds. We studied the influence of WS2 NTs on the mechanical properties of PLLA-WS, films. Polarized optical microscopy reveals a high degree of orientation of the polymer molecules in stretched films that further increases with a post-stretching annealing treatment. At the same time, X-ray diffraction (XRD) and Raman spectroscopy confirm enhancement of the crystallinity induced by the WS2 NTs.	[Tammaro, Loredana; Di Luccio, Tiziana; Borriello, Carmela; Loffredo, Fausta; Villani, Fulvia; Minarini, Carla] ENEA Italian Natl Agcy New Technol Energy & Susta, Div Sustainable Mat, Piazzale E Fermi 1, I-80055 Portici, NA, Italy; [Di Luccio, Tiziana; Ramachandran, Karthik; Kornfield, Julia A.] CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Di Benedetto, Francesca] ENEA Italian Natl Agcy New Technol Energy & Susta, Div Sustainable Mat, SS7,Km 706, I-72100 Mesagne, BR, Italy; [Schiller, Tara] Univ Warwick, WMG, Int Inst Nanocomposites Mfg, Coventry, W Midlands, England	Tammaro, L (corresponding author), ENEA Italian Natl Agcy New Technol Energy & Susta, Div Sustainable Mat, Piazzale E Fermi 1, I-80055 Portici, NA, Italy.			Tammaro, Loredana/0000-0002-7948-8103; VILLANI, FULVIA/0000-0001-7301-9819; Ramachandran, Karthik/0000-0003-1820-7555; Di Luccio, Tiziana/0000-0001-8947-0655	Marie Curie RISE action Bi-Stretch-4-Biomed project [691238]	This work was supported by the Marie Curie RISE action Bi-Stretch-4-Biomed project (G.A.n. 691238).		11	0	0	0	2	AMER INST PHYSICS	MELVILLE	2 HUNTINGTON QUADRANGLE, STE 1NO1, MELVILLE, NY 11747-4501 USA	0094-243X		978-0-7354-1697-0	AIP CONF PROC			2018	1981								UNSP 020073	10.1063/1.5045935			4	Materials Science, Composites; Physics, Applied; Polymer Science	Materials Science; Physics; Polymer Science	BM2HL	WOS:000461043600073		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Mayalu, MN; Kim, MC; Asada, H			ASME	Mayalu, Michaelle N.; Kim, Min-Cheol; Asada, Haruhiko			MODELING OF COLLECTIVE CELL BEHAVIORS INTERACTING WITH EXTRACELLULAR MATRIX USING DUAL FACETED LINEARIZATION	PROCEEDINGS OF THE ASME 11TH ANNUAL DYNAMIC SYSTEMS AND CONTROL CONFERENCE, 2018, VOL 1	Proceedings of the ASME Dynamic Systems and Control Conference		English	Proceedings Paper	11th Annual Dynamic Systems and Control Conference (DSCC 2018)	SEP 30-OCT 03, 2018	Atlanta, GA	ASME, Dynam Syst & Control Div			TRACTION; ASSAY	Cells interacting over an extracellular matrix (ECM) exhibit emergent behaviors, which are often observably different from single-cell dynamics. Fibroblasts embedded in a 3-D ECM, for example, compact the surrounding gel and generate an anisotropic strain field, which cannot be observed in single cell-induced gel compaction. This emergent matrix behavior results from collective intracellular mechanical interaction and is crucial to explain the large deformations and mechanical tensions that occur during embryogenesis, tissue development and wound healing. Prediction of multi-cellular interactions entails nonlinear dynamic simulation, which is prohibitively complex to compute using first principles especially as the number of cells increase. Here, we introduce a new methodology for predicting nonlinear behaviors of multiple cells interacting mechanically through a 3D ECM. In the proposed method, we first apply Dual-Faceted Linearization to nonlinear dynamic systems describing dell/matrix behavior. Using this unique linearization method, the original nonlinear state equations can be expressed with a pair of linear dynamic equations by augmenting the independent state variables with auxiliary variables which are nonlinearly dependent on the original states. Furthermore, we can find a reduced order latent space representation of the dynamic equations by orthogonal projection onto the basis of a lower dimensional linear manifold within the augmented variable space. Once converted to latent variable equations, we superpose multiple dynamic systems to predict their collective behaviors. The method is computationally efficient and accurate as demonstrated through its application for prediction of emergent cell induced ECM compaction.	[Mayalu, Michaelle N.] CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Kim, Min-Cheol; Asada, Haruhiko] MIT, Dept Mech Engn, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA	Mayalu, MN (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				National Science Foundation (NSF), Science and Technology Center (STC) on Emergent Behaviors in Integrated Cellular Systems (EBICS) [CBET-0939511]	The authors acknowledge support from the National Science Foundation (NSF), Science and Technology Center (STC) on Emergent Behaviors in Integrated Cellular Systems (EBICS) under Grant CBET-0939511.		19	0	0	0	0	AMER SOC MECHANICAL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	THREE PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-5990 USA	2151-1853		978-0-7918-5189-0	P ASME DYN SYST CON			2018									V001T14A005				7	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Mechanical	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BM2JY	WOS:000461127200080					2020-09-09	
B	Li, Y; Pellegrino, S			ASME	Li, Yang; Pellegrino, Sergio			DESIGN OF STRUCTURES WITH MULTIPLE EQUILIBRIUM CONFIGURATIONS	PROCEEDINGS OF THE ASME INTERNATIONAL DESIGN ENGINEERING TECHNICAL CONFERENCES AND COMPUTERS AND INFORMATION IN ENGINEERING CONFERENCE, 2018, VOL 5B			English	Proceedings Paper	ASME International Design Engineering Technical Conferences (IDETC) / Computers and Information in Engineering Conference (CIE)	AUG 26-29, 2018	Quebec City, CANADA	ASME, Design Engn Div, ASME, Comp & Informat Engn Div				Being able to design structures with multiple equilibrium configurations is the basis for the design of multi-stable structures, which are of interest for future research on multi configuration structures that require 'simple' actuation schemes. It is already known that adding elastic springs to a rigid mechanism can create structures with multiple equilibrium configurations. The spring properties, such as their rest positions, can be taken as design parameters that can be used to achieve specific equilibrium configurations of the structure. This paper provides a linearized formulation for the equilibrium constraints that can be solved for the rest positions of the springs. This method allows the design of specific equilibrium configurations. It can also handle more complex problems and is easier to solve in comparison to existent techniques. An example design of a four-bar linkage that has 5 equilibrium configurations is presented.	[Li, Yang; Pellegrino, Sergio] CALTECH, Grad Aerosp Labs, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Li, Y (corresponding author), CALTECH, Grad Aerosp Labs, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	yangli@caltech.edu; sergiop@caltech.edu			Air Force Office of Scientific ResearchUnited States Department of DefenseAir Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR) [FA9550-18-1-0566]	This material is based upon work supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research under award number FA9550-18-1-0566.		8	0	0	0	1	AMER SOC MECHANICAL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	THREE PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-5990 USA			978-0-7918-5181-4				2018									V05BT07A063				5	Engineering, Mechanical; Robotics	Engineering; Robotics	BM2OS	WOS:000461261800063					2020-09-09	
B	Shor, R; Yadgar, G; Huang, WT; Yaakobi, E; Bruck, J			Assoc Comp Machinery	Shor, Roman; Yadgar, Gala; Huang, Wentao; Yaakobi, Eitan; Bruck, Jehoshua			How to Best Share a Big Secret	SYSTOR'18: PROCEEDINGS OF THE 11TH ACM INTERNATIONAL SYSTEMS AND STORAGE CONFERENCE			English	Proceedings Paper	11th ACM International Systems and Storage Conference (SYSTOR)	JUN 04-06, 2018	Haifa, ISRAEL	ACM SIGOPS, USENIX, IBM, Huawei, Two Sigma, NetApp, Technion Israel Inst Technol, Nutanix, VMWare Res, RedHat, Mellanox, Tel Aviv Univ, Blavtnik Sch Comp Sci, Microsoft, IBM Res			CODES	When sensitive data is stored in the cloud, the only way to ensure its secrecy is by encrypting it before it is uploaded. The emerging multi-cloud model, in which data is stored redundantly in two or more independent clouds, provides an opportunity to protect sensitive data with secret-sharing schemes. Both data-protection approaches are considered computationally expensive, but recent advances reduce their costs considerably: (1) Hardware acceleration methods promise to eliminate the computational complexity of encryption, but leave clients with the challenge of securely managing encryption keys. (2) Secure RAID, a recently proposed scheme, minimizes the computational overheads of secret sharing, but requires non-negligible storage overhead and random data generation. Each data-protection approach offers different tradeoffs and security guarantees. However, when comparing them, it is difficult to determine which approach will provide the best application-perceived performance, because previous studies were performed before their recent advances were introduced. To bridge this gap, we present the first end-to-end comparison of state-of-the-art encryption-based and secret sharing data protection approaches. Our evaluation on a local cluster and on a multi-cloud prototype identifies the tipping point at which the bottleneck of data protection shifts from the computational overhead of encoding and random data generation to storage and network bandwidth and global availability.	[Shor, Roman; Yadgar, Gala; Yaakobi, Eitan] Technion, Comp Sci Dept, Haifa, Israel; [Huang, Wentao] Snap Inc, Los Angeles, CA USA; [Bruck, Jehoshua] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Shor, R (corresponding author), Technion, Comp Sci Dept, Haifa, Israel.	shroman@cs.technion.ac.il; gala@cs.technion.ac.il; whuang@snapchat.com; yaakobi@cs.technion.ac.il; bruck@caltech.edu		Bruck, Jehoshua/0000-0001-8474-0812				78	2	2	0	0	ASSOC COMPUTING MACHINERY	NEW YORK	1515 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10036-9998 USA			978-1-4503-5849-1				2018							76	88		10.1145/3211890.3211896			13	Computer Science, Hardware & Architecture; Computer Science, Theory & Methods; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Computer Science; Engineering	BM2OC	WOS:000461242300008					2020-09-09	
B	Zuck, A; Li, Y; Bruck, J; Porter, DE; Tsafrir, D			Assoc Comp Machinery	Zuck, Aviad; Li, Yue; Bruck, Jehoshua; Porter, Donald E.; Tsafrir, Dan			Stash in a Flash	SYSTOR'18: PROCEEDINGS OF THE 11TH ACM INTERNATIONAL SYSTEMS AND STORAGE CONFERENCE			English	Proceedings Paper	11th ACM International Systems and Storage Conference (SYSTOR)	JUN 04-06, 2018	Haifa, ISRAEL	ACM SIGOPS, USENIX, IBM, Huawei, Two Sigma, NetApp, Technion Israel Inst Technol, Nutanix, VMWare Res, RedHat, Mellanox, Tel Aviv Univ, Blavtnik Sch Comp Sci, Microsoft, IBM Res					[Zuck, Aviad; Tsafrir, Dan] Technion Israel Inst Technol, Haifa, Israel; [Li, Yue; Bruck, Jehoshua] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Porter, Donald E.] Univ North Carolina Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill, NC USA; [Tsafrir, Dan] VMware Res Grp, Palo Alto, CA USA	Zuck, A (corresponding author), Technion Israel Inst Technol, Haifa, Israel.	aviadzuc@cs.technion.ac.il; yli@caltech.edu; bruck@caltech.edu; porter@cs.unc.edu; dan@cs.technion.ac.il		Bruck, Jehoshua/0000-0001-8474-0812				1	0	0	0	0	ASSOC COMPUTING MACHINERY	NEW YORK	1515 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10036-9998 USA			978-1-4503-5849-1				2018							133	133		10.1145/3211890.3211906			1	Computer Science, Hardware & Architecture; Computer Science, Theory & Methods; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Computer Science; Engineering	BM2OC	WOS:000461242300031					2020-09-09	
S	Kostina, V; Hassibi, B			IEEE	Kostina, Victoria; Hassibi, Babak			Rate-cost tradeoffs in scalar LQG control and tracking with side information	2018 56TH ANNUAL ALLERTON CONFERENCE ON COMMUNICATION, CONTROL, AND COMPUTING (ALLERTON)	Annual Allerton Conference on Communication Control and Computing		English	Proceedings Paper	56th Annual Allerton Conference on Communication, Control, and Computing (Allerton)	OCT 02-05, 2018	Monticello, IL	Coordinated Sci Lab, Univ Illinois Urbana Champaign, Dept Elect & Comp Engn		Linear stochastic control; LQG control; remote control; rate-distortion tradeoff; causal rate-distortion theory; Gauss-Markov source; real-time tracking; Wyner-Ziv rate-distortion function	RATE-DISTORTION FUNCTION	Consider a control problem in which a remote controller chooses its control action based on two kinds of information about the system state: the information it receives from the system via a rate-constrained feedback link, and side information - a noisy measurement of the system state it observes directly. The goal of the controller is to minimize a quadratic cost function in the state variables and control signal, known as the linear quadratic regulator (LQR). We study the fundamental tradeoff between the communication rate, the expected cost b and the quality of side information. Due to a separation principle between estimation and control, we focus on the tracking problem, where the goal is to track the system state rather than to control it. We introduce the causal rate-distortion function with side information at the decoder. It is expressed in terms of directed mutual information, and it extends the classical (noncausal) Wyner-Ziv rate-distortion function to real-time tracking problems with causality constraints and memory of the past at both encoder and decoder. We compute that function in the scalar linear Gaussian setting; we draw a link with the Kalman filter; we show that making side information available also at the encoder does not help to improve the optimal tradeoffs.	[Kostina, Victoria; Hassibi, Babak] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Kostina, V (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	vkostina@caltech.edu; hassibi@caltech.edu			National Science Foundation (NSF)National Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF-1751356]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CNS-0932428, CCF-1018927, CCF-1423663, CCF-1409204]; Qualcomm Inc.; NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory; King Abdullah University of Science and TechnologyKing Abdullah University of Science & Technology	The work of Victoria Kostina was supported in part by the National Science Foundation (NSF) under grant CCF-1751356. The work of Babak Hassibi was supported in part by the NSF under grants CNS-0932428, CCF-1018927, CCF-1423663 and CCF-1409204, by a grant from Qualcomm Inc., by NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory through the President and Director's Fund, and by King Abdullah University of Science and Technology.		11	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2474-0195		978-1-5386-6596-1	ANN ALLERTON CONF			2018							421	428					8	Automation & Control Systems; Computer Science, Theory & Methods; Telecommunications	Automation & Control Systems; Computer Science; Telecommunications	BM2HE	WOS:000461021200060					2020-09-09	
S	Roth, I; Flinth, A; Kueng, R; Eisert, J; Wunder, G			IEEE	Roth, Ingo; Flinth, Axel; Kueng, Richard; Eisert, Jens; Wunder, Gerhard			Hierarchical restricted isometry property for Kronecker product measurements	2018 56TH ANNUAL ALLERTON CONFERENCE ON COMMUNICATION, CONTROL, AND COMPUTING (ALLERTON)	Annual Allerton Conference on Communication Control and Computing		English	Proceedings Paper	56th Annual Allerton Conference on Communication, Control, and Computing (Allerton)	OCT 02-05, 2018	Monticello, IL	Coordinated Sci Lab, Univ Illinois Urbana Champaign, Dept Elect & Comp Engn			SIGNALS	Hierarchically sparse signals and Kronecker product structured measurements naturally arise in a variety of applications. The simplest example of a hierarchical sparsity structure is two-level (s;sigma) -hierarchical sparsity which features sigma-block-sparse signals with sigma-sparse blocks. For a large class of algorithms recovery guarantees can be derived based on the restricted isometry property (RIP) of the measurement matrix and modelbased variants thereof. We show that given two matrices A and B having the standard sigma-sparse and sigma-sparse RIP their Kronecker product A circle times B has two-level (s;s) hierarchically sparse RIP (HiRIP). This result can be recursively generalized to signals with multiple hierarchical sparsity levels and measurements with multiple Kronecker product factors. As a corollary we establish the efficient reconstruction of hierarchical sparse signals from Kronecker product measurements using the HiHTP algorithm. We argue that Kronecker product measurement matrices allow to design large practical compressed sensing systems that are deterministically certified to reliably recover signals in a stable fashion. We elaborate on their motivation from the perspective of applications.	[Roth, Ingo; Eisert, Jens; Wunder, Gerhard] Free Univ Berlin, Berlin, Germany; [Flinth, Axel] Univ Toulouse III Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, France; [Kueng, Richard] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Roth, I (corresponding author), Free Univ Berlin, Berlin, Germany.	i.roth@fu-berlin.de; axel.flinth@gmail.com; rkueng@caltech.edu; jense@fu-berlin.de; g.wunder@fu-berlin.de	Eisert, Jens/D-9640-2017; Eisert, Jens/AAF-6707-2019	Eisert, Jens/0000-0003-3033-1292; 	DFGGerman Research Foundation (DFG) [KU 1446/18-1, SPP 1914 COSIP EI 519/9-1, SPP 1914 COSIP WU 598/8-1, SPP 1914 COSIP WU 598/8-2]; ANR JCJC OMS; Templeton Foundation; ERCEuropean Research Council (ERC); Heisenberg fellowshipGerman Research Foundation (DFG) [WU 598/11-1]; EU H2020 5GPPP project ONE5G	AF acknowledges support from the DFG (Grant KU 1446/18-1) and ANR JCJC OMS, IR and JE by the DFG (SPP 1914 COSIP EI 519/9-1), the Templeton Foundation and the ERC (TAQ), and GW by DFG SPP 1914 COSIP WU 598/8-1, 8-2, the Heisenberg fellowship WU 598/11-1, and the EU H2020 5GPPP project ONE5G (one5g.eu).		28	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2474-0195		978-1-5386-6596-1	ANN ALLERTON CONF			2018							632	638					7	Automation & Control Systems; Computer Science, Theory & Methods; Telecommunications	Automation & Control Systems; Computer Science; Telecommunications	BM2HE	WOS:000461021200089					2020-09-09	
S	Grayson, DR; Ramakrishnan, D		Akbary, A; Gun, S		Grayson, Daniel R.; Ramakrishnan, Dinakar			Eisenstein Series of Weight One, q-Averages of the 0-Logarithm and Periods of Elliptic Curves	GEOMETRY, ALGEBRA, NUMBER THEORY, AND THEIR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY APPLICATIONS	Springer Proceedings in Mathematics & Statistics		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Geometry, Algebra, Number Theory, and Their Information Technology Applications	AUG, 2016	Kozhikode, INDIA					For any elliptic curve E over k subset of R with E(C) = C-x /q(Z), q = e(2 pi iz), IM(z) > 0, we study the q-average D-0,D-q, defined on E(C), of the function D-0(z) = Im(z/(1 - z)). Let Omega(+)(E) denote the real period of E. We show that there is a rational function R is an element of Q(X-1(N)) such that for any non-cuspidal real point s is an element of X-1(N) (which defines an elliptic curve E (s) over R together with a point P(s) of order N), pi D-0,D-q(P(s)) equals Omega(+) (E(s))R(s). In particular, if s is Q-rational point of X-1(N), a rare occurrence according to Mazur, R(s) is a rational number.	[Grayson, Daniel R.] Univ Illinois, Champaign, IL USA; [Ramakrishnan, Dinakar] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ramakrishnan, D (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	danielrichardgrayson@gmail.com; dinakar@caltech.edu			NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF); Simons Fellowship	D. R. Grayson and D. Ramakrishnan Research supported by the NSF; D. Ramakrishnan supported by a Simons Fellowship		28	0	0	0	0	SPRINGER	NEW YORK	233 SPRING STREET, NEW YORK, NY 10013, UNITED STATES	2194-1009		978-3-319-97379-1; 978-3-319-97378-4	SPRINGER P MATH STAT			2018	251						245	266		10.1007/978-3-319-97379-1_11			22	Mathematics, Interdisciplinary Applications; Mathematics	Mathematics	BM1WP	WOS:000460623200011		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
B	Agarwal, A; Shapero, A; Rodger, D; Humayun, M; Tai, YC; Emami, A			IEEE	Agarwal, Abhinav; Shapero, Aubrey; Rodger, Damien; Humayun, Mark; Tai, Yu-Chong; Emami, Azita			A Wireless, Low-Drift, Implantable Intraocular Pressure Sensor with Parylene-on-oil Encapsulation	2018 IEEE CUSTOM INTEGRATED CIRCUITS CONFERENCE (CICC)	IEEE Custom Integrated Circuits Conference		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Custom Integrated Circuits Conference (CICC)	APR 08-11, 2018	San Diego, CA	IEEE, Silicon Labs, Analog Devices, Cadence Design Syst, Cirrus Log, Huawei, IMEC, Intel, Samsung, Catalyst Fdn, IBM, Mentor Graph		Intraocular Pressure Sensor (IOP); Implantable; Parylene-on-oil; Pressure Sensor Packaging; Low-Drift; Wireless Powering; RF Backscattering		This paper presents a wireless, implantable continuous intraocular pressure (IOP) monitoring system that features a parylene-on-oil sensor encapsulation method for achieving long-term low-drift in vivo. The system is implanted in the superotemporal quadrant of the eye between the sclera and conjunctiva. It consists of a commercial pressure sensor (STMicroelectronics LPS25H) with digital readout, a 65nm CMOS chip that supports wireless power/data telemetry and the 12C serial communication interface with the pressure sensor. The chip and pressure sensor are assembled on a flexible polyimide PCB, and then the sensor is submerged in biocompatible silicone oil and coated with parylene in situ. The implant uses an on-chip integrated RF coil to receive power from near-field RF coupling at 915 MHz and transmit measurement bits via RF-backscattering to an external reader. A 2 mm x 1.2 mm chip is fabricated in TSMC 65nm CMOS process. The IOP implant achieves a pressure sensitivity of 0.17 mmHg with a total power consumption of 9.7 mu W. We demonstrate pressure offset drift of less than 0.5 mmHg for more than 4 months over a temperature range of 27-38 degrees C. The implant successfully tracks induced IOP variations in a porcine eye ex vivo, validating the system functionality and surgical implantation.	[Agarwal, Abhinav; Shapero, Aubrey; Tai, Yu-Chong; Emami, Azita] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Rodger, Damien; Humayun, Mark] USC Keck Sch Med, Los Angeles, CA 90033 USA	Agarwal, A; Shapero, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				Rosen Bioengineering Center Pilot Grant; Heritage Medical Research Institute; L. K. Whittier Foundation; Research to Prevent BlindnessResearch to Prevent Blindness (RPB)	The authors thank Samson Chen (Caltech Nanofabrication Lab) for help with the wireless reader, Trevor Roper (Caltech MEMS Lab) for maintaining equipment, Cameron Sylber for help with longevity tests, and MOSIS for chip fabrication. This work was supported by the Rosen Bioengineering Center Pilot Grant, the Heritage Medical Research Institute, the L. K. Whittier Foundation, and an unrestricted departmental grant from Research to Prevent Blindness.		12	3	3	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-5386-2483-8	IEEE CUST INTEGR CIR			2018													4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BK2XQ	WOS:000434207400044					2020-09-09	
S	Ting, DZ		Winzer, P; Tsang, HK; Capmany, J; Yao, J; Fontaine, N; Dutta, N		Ting, David Z.			III-V Semiconductor Unipolar Barrier Infrared Detectors	2018 IEEE PHOTONICS CONFERENCE (IPC)	IEEE Photonics Conference		English	Proceedings Paper	31st Annual IEEE Photonics Conference (IPC) of the IEEE-Photonics-Society	SEP 30-OCT 04, 2018	Reston, VA	IEEE Photon Soc, IEEE			WAVELENGTH; LATTICE; PHOTODIODES; INAS/GASB		[Ting, David Z.] CALTECH, Ctr Infrared Photodetectors, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ting, DZ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Ctr Infrared Photodetectors, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							36	0	0	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2374-0140		978-1-5386-5358-6	IEEE PHOTON CONF			2018													2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Optics; Physics, Applied	Engineering; Optics; Physics	BM1TN	WOS:000460542800076					2020-09-09	
S	Nakashima, K; Iwashita, Y; Kawamura, A; Kurazume, R			IEEE	Nakashima, Kazuto; Iwashita, Yumi; Kawamura, Akihiro; Kurazume, Ryo			Fourth-person Captioning: Describing Daily Events by Uni-supervised and Tri-regularized Training	2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON SYSTEMS, MAN, AND CYBERNETICS (SMC)	IEEE International Conference on Systems Man and Cybernetics Conference Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE International Conference on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics (SMC)	OCT 07-10, 2018	IEEE Syst Man & Cybernet Soc, Miyazaki, JAPAN	IEEE, Sci Council Japan	IEEE Syst Man & Cybernet Soc	Intelligent space; image captioning		We aim to develop a supporting system which enhances the ability of human's short-term visual memory in an intelligent space where the human and a service robot coexist. Particularly, this paper focuses on how we can interpret and record diverse and complex life events on behalf of humans, from a multi-perspective viewpoint. We propose a novel method named "fourth-person captioning", which generates natural language descriptions by summarizing visual contexts complementarily from three types of cameras corresponding the first-, second-, and third-person viewpoint. We first extend the latest image captioning technique and design a new model to generate a sequence of words given the multiple images. Then we provide an effective training strategy that needs only annotations supervising images from a single viewpoint in a general caption dataset and unsupervised triplet instances in the intelligent space. As the three types of cameras, we select a wearable camera on the human, a robot-mounted camera, and an embedded camera, which can be defined as the first-, second-, and third-person viewpoint, respectively. We hope our work will accelerate a cross-modal interaction bridging the human's egocentric cognition and multi-perspective intelligence.	[Nakashima, Kazuto] Kyushu Univ, Grad Sch ISEE, Fukuoka, Fukuoka, Japan; [Iwashita, Yumi] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Kawamura, Akihiro; Kurazume, Ryo] Kyushu Univ, Dept ISEE, Fukuoka, Fukuoka, Japan	Nakashima, K (corresponding author), Kyushu Univ, Grad Sch ISEE, Fukuoka, Fukuoka, Japan.	k_nakashima@irvs.ait.kyushu-u.ac.jp; Yumi.Iwashita@jpl.nasa.gov; kawamura@ait.kyushu-u.ac.jp; kurazume@ait.kyushu-u.ac.jp	Kurazume, Ryo/S-8271-2019	Kurazume, Ryo/0000-0002-4219-7644	JSPS KAKENHI, JapanMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of ScienceGrants-in-Aid for Scientific Research (KAKENHI) [JP26249029]; JST CREST, JapanCore Research for Evolutional Science and Technology (CREST) [JPMJCR17A5]	This work was partially supported by JSPS KAKENHI Grant Number JP26249029 and JST CREST Grant Number JPMJCR17A5, Japan.		25	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1062-922X		978-1-5386-6650-0	IEEE SYS MAN CYBERN			2018							2122	2127		10.1109/SMC.2018.00365			6	Computer Science, Cybernetics; Computer Science, Information Systems	Computer Science	BM1JN	WOS:000459884802032					2020-09-09	
B	Murphy, EJ; Bolatto, A; Chatterjee, S; Casey, CM; Chomiuk, L; Dale, D; de Pater, I; Dickinson, M; Di Francesco, J; Hallinan, G; Isella, A; Kohno, K; Kulkarni, SR; Lang, C; Lazio, TJW; Leroy, AK; Loinard, L; Maccarone, TJ; Matthews, BC; Osten, RA; Reid, MJ; Riechers, D; Sakai, N; Walter, F; Wilner, D		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Murphy, Eric J.; Bolatto, Alberto; Chatterjee, Shami; Casey, Caitlin M.; Chomiuk, Laura; Dale, Daniel; de Pater, Imke; Dickinson, Mark; Di Francesco, James; Hallinan, Gregg; Isella, Andrea; Kohno, Kotaro; Kulkarni, S. R.; Lang, Cornelia; Lazio, T. Joseph W.; Leroy, Adam K.; Loinard, Laurent; Maccarone, Thomas J.; Matthews, Brenda C.; Osten, Rachel A.; Reid, Mark J.; Riechers, Dominik; Sakai, Nami; Walter, Fabian; Wilner, David			The ngVLA Science Case and Associated Science Requirements	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter								The science case and associated science requirements for a next-generation Very Large Array (ngVLA) are described, highlighting the five key science goals developed out of a community-driven vision of the highest scientific priorities in the next decade. Building on the superb cm observing conditions and existing infrastructure of the VLA site in the U.S. Southwest, the ngVLA is envisaged to be an interferometric array with more than 10 times the sensitivity and spatial resolution of the current VLA and ALMA, operating at frequencies spanning similar to 1.2 - 116 GHz with extended baselines reaching across North America. The ngVLA will be optimized for observations at wavelengths between the exquisite performance of ALMA at submm wavelengths, and the future SKA-1 at decimeter to meter wavelengths, thus lending itself to be highly complementary with these facilities. The ngVLA will be the only facility in the world that can tackle a broad range of outstanding scientific questions in modern astronomy by simultaneously delivering the capability to: (1) unveil the formation of Solar System analogues; (2) probe the initial conditions for planetary systems and life with astrochemistry; (3) characterize the assembly, structure, and evolution of galaxies from the first billion years to the present; (4) use pulsars in the Galactic center as fundamental tests of gravity; and (5) understand the formation and evolution of stellar and supermassive blackholes in the era of multi-messenger astronomy.	[Murphy, Eric J.] NRAO, Charlottesville, VA 22903 USA; [Bolatto, Alberto] Univ Maryland, Dept Astron, College Pk, MD 20742 USA; [Chatterjee, Shami; Riechers, Dominik] Cornell Univ, Dept Astron, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA; [Casey, Caitlin M.] UT Austin, Astron, 2515 Speedway Blvd Stop C1400, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Chomiuk, Laura] MSU, Dept Phys & Astron, E Lansing, MI 48824 USA; [Dale, Daniel] Univ Wyoming, Dept Phys & Astron, Laramie, WY 82071 USA; [de Pater, Imke] UCB, Dept Astron & Earth & Planetary Sci, Berkeley, CA USA; [Dickinson, Mark] Natl Opt Astron Observ, 950 N Cherry Ave, Tucson, AZ 85719 USA; [Di Francesco, James; Matthews, Brenda C.] NRC Herzberg, 5071 W Saanich Rd, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada; [Di Francesco, James; Matthews, Brenda C.] Univ Victoria, 3800 Finnerty Rd, Victoria, BC V8P 5C2, Canada; [Hallinan, Gregg; Kulkarni, S. R.] CALTECH, Cahill Ctr Astron & Astrophys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Isella, Andrea] Rice, Phys & Astron, 6100 Main St,MS 108, Houston, TX 77005 USA; [Kohno, Kotaro] Univ Tokyo, Inst Astron, Mitaka, Tokyo 1810015, Japan; [Lang, Cornelia] Univ Iowa, Phys & Astr, 703 Van Allen Hall, Iowa City, IA 52242 USA; [Lazio, T. Joseph W.] CALTECH, JPL, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Leroy, Adam K.] OSU, Dept Astron, 140 West 18th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Loinard, Laurent] Univ Nacl Autonoma Mexico, Inst Radioastron & Astrofis, Morelia 58089, Michoacan, Mexico; [Loinard, Laurent] Univ Nacl Autonoma Mexico, Apartado Postal 70-264, Mexico City 04510, DF, Mexico; [Maccarone, Thomas J.] TTU, Dept Phys, Box 41051,Sci Bldg, Lubbock, TX 79409 USA; [Osten, Rachel A.] STScI, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Reid, Mark J.; Wilner, David] Harvard Smithsonian CfA, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Sakai, Nami] RIKEN, 2-1 Hirosawa, Wako, Saitama 3510198, Japan; [Walter, Fabian] MPIfA, Konigstuhl 17, D-69117 Heidelberg, Germany	Murphy, EJ (corresponding author), NRAO, Charlottesville, VA 22903 USA.	emurphy@nrao.edu	Sakai, Nami/N-7438-2015	Sakai, Nami/0000-0002-3297-4497				9	1	1	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						3	14					12	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200001					2020-09-09	
B	de Pater, I; Butler, B; Sault, RJ; Moullet, A; Moeckel, C; Tollefson, J; de Kleer, K; Gurwell, M; Milam, S		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	de Pater, Imke; Butler, Bryan; Sault, R. J.; Moullet, Arielle; Moeckel, Chris; Tollefson, Joshua; de Kleer, Katherine; Gurwell, Mark; Milam, Stefanie			Potential for Solar System Science with the ngVLA	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							MARS WATER-VAPOR; MICROWAVE OBSERVATIONS; TITANS ATMOSPHERE; THERMAL EMISSION; VLA OBSERVATIONS; VENUS; WAVELENGTHS; SURFACE; URANUS; STRATOSPHERE	Radio wavelength observations of solar system bodies are a powerful method of probing many characteristics of those bodies. From surface and subsurface, to atmospheres (including deep atmospheres of the giant planets), to rings, to the magnetosphere of Jupiter, these observations provide unique information on the current state, and sometimes history, of the bodies. The ngVLA will enable the highest sensitivity and resolution observations of this kind, with the potential to revolutionize our understanding of some of these bodies. In this article, we present a review of state-of-the-art radio wavelength observations of a variety of bodies in our solar system, varying in size from ring particles and small near-Earth asteroids to the giant planets. Throughout the review we mention improvements for each body (or class of bodies) to be expected with the ngVLA. A simulation of a Neptune-sized object is presented in Section 6. Section 7 provides a brief summary for each type of object, together with the type of measurements needed for all objects throughout the Solar System.	[de Pater, Imke] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, 601 Campbell Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [de Pater, Imke; Moeckel, Chris; Tollefson, Joshua] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Earth & Planetary Sci, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Butler, Bryan] Natl Radio Astron Observ, Socorro, NM 87801 USA; [Sault, R. J.] Univ Melbourne, Sch Phys, Melbourne, Vic 3010, Australia; [Moullet, Arielle] NASA, SOFIA USRA, Ames Bldg N232, Moffett Field, CA 94035 USA; [de Kleer, Katherine] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Gurwell, Mark] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, Cambridge, MA 02478 USA; [Milam, Stefanie] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Astrochem Lab, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA	de Pater, I (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, 601 Campbell Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.; de Pater, I (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Earth & Planetary Sci, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	imke@berkeley.edu; bbutler@nrao.edu; rsault@nrao.edu; amoullet@usra.edu; chris.moeckel@berkeley.edu; jtollefs@berkeley.edu; dekleer@caltech.edu; mgurwell@cfa.harvard.edu; stefanie.n.milam@nasa.gov						73	1	1	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						49	72					24	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200004					2020-09-09	
B	Lazio, TJW; Asmar, S		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Lazio, T. Joseph W.; Asmar, Sami			Spacecraft Telecommunications	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter								There is a long history of radio telescopes being used to augment the radio antennas regularly used to conduct telemetry, tracking, and command of deep space spacecraft. Radio telescopes are particularly valuable during short-duration mission critical events, such as planetary landings, or when a mission lifetime itself is short, such as a probe into a giant planet's atmosphere. By virtue of its high sensitivity and frequency coverage, the next-generation Very Large Array would be a powerful addition to regular spacecraft ground systems. Further, the science focus of many of these deep space missions provides a "ground truth" in the solar system that complements other aspects of the ngVLA's science case, such as the formation of planets in proto-planetary disks.	[Lazio, T. Joseph W.; Asmar, Sami] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Lazio, TJW (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Joseph.Lazio@jpl.nasa.gov						11	0	0	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						81	86					6	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200006					2020-09-09	
B	Brozovic, M; Butler, BJ; Margot, JL; Naidu, SP; Lazio, TJW		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Brozovic, M.; Butler, B. J.; Margot, Jean-Luc; Naidu, Shantanu P.; Lazio, T. Joseph W.			Planetary Bistatic Radar	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							GALILEAN SATELLITES; LUNAR POLES; ARECIBO; JUPITER; ICE	Planetary radar observations offer the potential for probing the properties of characteristics of solid bodies throughout the inner solar system and at least as far as the orbit of Saturn. In addition to the direct scientific value, precise orbital determinations can be obtained from planetary radar observations, which are in turn valuable for mission planning or spacecraft navigation and planetary defense. The next-generation Very Large Array would not have to be equipped with a transmitter to be an important asset in the world's planetary radar infrastructure. Bistatic radar, in which one antenna transmits (e.g., Arecibo or Goldstone) and another receives, are used commonly today, with the Green Bank Telescope (GBT) serving as a receiver. The improved sensitivity of the ngVLA relative to the GBT would improve the signal-to-noise ratios on many targets and increase the accessible volume specifically for asteroids. Goldstone-ngVLA bistatic observations would have the potential of rivaling the sensitivity of Arecibo, but with much wider sky access.	[Brozovic, M.; Naidu, Shantanu P.; Lazio, T. Joseph W.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Butler, B. J.] Natl Radio Astron Observ, Socorro, NM 87801 USA; [Margot, Jean-Luc] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA USA	Brozovic, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Marina.Brozovic@jpl.caltech.edu; bbutler@nrao.edu; jlm@epss.ucla.edu; Shantanu.P.Naidu@jpl.caltech.edu; Joseph.Lazio@jpl.caltech.edu	Margot, Jean-Luc/A-6154-2012	Margot, Jean-Luc/0000-0001-9798-1797				39	0	0	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						113	123					11	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200009					2020-09-09	
B	McGuire, BA; Bergin, E; Blake, GA; Burkhardt, AM; Cleeves, LI; Loomis, RA; Remijan, AJ; Shingledecker, CN; Willis, ER		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	McGuire, Brett A.; Bergin, Edwin; Blake, Geoffrey A.; Burkhardt, Andrew M.; Cleeves, L. Ilsedore; Loomis, Ryan A.; Remijan, Anthony J.; Shingledecker, Christopher N.; Willis, Eric R.			Observing the Effects of Chemistry on Exoplanets and Planet Formation	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							TMC-1	One of the primary mechanisms for inferring the dynamical history of planets in our Solar System and in exoplanetary systems is through observation of elemental ratios (i.e., C/O). The ability to effectively use these observations relies critically on a robust understanding of the chemistry and evolutionary history of the observed abundances. Significant efforts have been devoted to this area from within astrochemistry circles, and these efforts should be supported going forward by the larger exoplanetary science community. In addition, the construction of a next-generation radio interferometer will be required to test many of these predictive models in situ, while simultaneously providing the resolution necessary to pinpoint the location of planets in formation.	[McGuire, Brett A.; Loomis, Ryan A.; Remijan, Anthony J.] Natl Radio Astron Observ, Edgemont Rd, Charlottesville, VA 22903 USA; [Bergin, Edwin] Univ Michigan, Dept Astron, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Blake, Geoffrey A.] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Blake, Geoffrey A.] CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Burkhardt, Andrew M.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Cleeves, L. Ilsedore] Univ Virginia, Dept Astron, Charlottesville, VA 22904 USA; [Shingledecker, Christopher N.] Max Planck Inst Extraterr Phys, Garching, Germany; [Shingledecker, Christopher N.] Univ Stuttgart, Inst Theoret Chem, Stuttgart, Germany; [Willis, Eric R.] Univ Virginia, Dept Chem, Charlottesville, VA 22904 USA	McGuire, BA (corresponding author), Natl Radio Astron Observ, Edgemont Rd, Charlottesville, VA 22903 USA.	bmcguire@nrao.edu						39	0	0	1	1	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						217	222					6	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200019					2020-09-09	
B	Osten, RA; Crosley, MK; Hallinan, G		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Osten, Rachel A.; Crosley, Michael K.; Hallinan, Gregg			Exo-space Weather in the Era of the ngVLA	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							X-RAY; COOL NEIGHBORS; RADIO-BURSTS; FLARE; EMISSION; SPECTRUM; DWARFS	A forward-looking facility such as the next generation Very Large Array (ngVLA) requires forward-looking science. The ngVLA will enable stellar wind detections or robust constraints on upper limits sufficient to bridge the gap between current radio upper limits on cool stellar mass loss and current indirect estimates of stellar mass loss from astrospheric measurements. This will aid in understanding the interplay between the rotational spindown of stars and wind mass loss rates, important for an understanding not just of stellar astrophysics but the impact on planet formation and planetary dynamos. Radio observations are currently the only way to explore accelerated particles in cool stellar environments. The upgraded sensitivity of the ngVLA will enable the detection and characterization of essentially all classes of radio-active cool stars in the galaxy. This will open up new fields of study and contribute to the understanding of the stellar contribution to exo-space weather, especially with the emphasis on sensitivity above a frequency of about 10 GHz, where the transition to optically thin gyrosynchrotron emission occurs. These topics connect and extend the key science topics in the cradle of life, in an area which there is both high academic as well as popular interest, and which is expected to continue into the next several decades.	[Osten, Rachel A.] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Osten, Rachel A.] Johns Hopkins Univ, Ctr Astrophys Sci, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Crosley, Michael K.] Johns Hopkins Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Hallinan, Gregg] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Osten, RA (corresponding author), Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA.; Osten, RA (corresponding author), Johns Hopkins Univ, Ctr Astrophys Sci, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA.	osten@stsci.edu						41	0	0	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						229	243					15	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200021					2020-09-09	
B	Murphy, EJ; Condon, JJ; Alberdi, A; Barcos-Munozarcos, L; Beswick, RJ; Brinks, E; Dong, D; Evans, AS; Johnson, KE; Kennicutt, RC; Linden, ST; Muxlow, TWB; Perez-Torres, M; Schinnerer, E; Sargent, MT; Tabatabaei, FS; Turner, JL		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Murphy, Eric J.; Condon, James J.; Alberdi, Antxon; Barcos-Munozarcos, Loreto; Beswick, Robert J.; Brinks, Elias; Dong, Dillon; Evans, Aaron S.; Johnson, Kelsey E.; Kennicutt, Robert C., Jr.; Linden, Sean T.; Muxlow, Tom W. B.; Perez-Torres, Miguel; Schinnerer, Eva; Sargent, Mark T.; Tabatabaei, Fatemeh S.; Turner, Jean L.			Radio Continuum Emission from Galaxies: An Accounting of Energetic Processes	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							GALACTIC EMISSION; DUST EMISSION; CO	Radio continuum observations have proven to be a workhorse in our understanding of the star formation process (i.e., stellar birth and death) from galaxies both in the nearby universe and out to the highest redshifts. In this article we focus on how the ngVLA will transform our understanding of star formation by enabling one to map and decompose the radio continuum emission from large, heterogeneous samples of nearby galaxies on greater than or similar to 10 pc scales to conduct a proper accounting of the energetic processes powering it. At the discussed sensitivity and angular resolution, the ngVLA will simultaneously be able to create maps of current star formation activity at similar to 100 pc scales, as well as detect and characterize (e.g., size, spectral shape, density, etc.) discrete Hn regions and supernova remnants on 10 pc scales in galaxies out to the distance of the Virgo cluster. Their properties can then be used to see how they relate to the local and global ISM and star formation conditions. Such investigations are essential for understanding the astrophysics of high-z measurements of galaxies, allowing for proper modeling of galaxy formation and evolution.	[Murphy, Eric J.; Condon, James J.; Barcos-Munozarcos, Loreto; Evans, Aaron S.; Johnson, Kelsey E.; Linden, Sean T.] Natl Radio Astron Observ, Edgemont Rd, Charlottesville, VA 22903 USA; [Alberdi, Antxon; Perez-Torres, Miguel; Tabatabaei, Fatemeh S.] CSIC, Inst Astrofis Andalucia, Glorieta Astron S-N, E-18008 Granada, Spain; [Barcos-Munozarcos, Loreto] Joint ALMA Observ, Alonso de Cordova 3107, Santiago, Chile; [Beswick, Robert J.; Muxlow, Tom W. B.] Univ Manchester, Jodrell Bank, Ctr Astrophys E MERLIN, Manchester M13 9PL, Lancs, England; [Brinks, Elias] Univ Hertfordshire, Sch Phys Astron & Math, Hatfield AL10 9AB, Herts, England; [Dong, Dillon] CALTECH, MC 100-22, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Evans, Aaron S.; Johnson, Kelsey E.; Linden, Sean T.] Univ Virginia, Dept Astron, 3530 McCormick Rd, Charlottesville, VA 22904 USA; [Kennicutt, Robert C., Jr.] Univ Cambridge, Inst Astron, Madingley Rd, Cambridge CB3 0HA, England; [Schinnerer, Eva] Max Planck Inst Astron, Konigstuhl 17, D-69117 Heidelberg, Germany; [Sargent, Mark T.] Univ Sussex, Dept Phys & Astron, Ctr Astron, Brighton BN1 9QH, E Sussex, England; [Tabatabaei, Fatemeh S.] Univ La Laguna, Dept Astrofis, E-38206 San Cristobal la Laguna, Spain; [Turner, Jean L.] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Phys & Astron, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA	Murphy, EJ (corresponding author), Natl Radio Astron Observ, Edgemont Rd, Charlottesville, VA 22903 USA.	emurphy@nrao.edu						37	2	2	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						421	429					9	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200041					2020-09-09	
B	Bolatto, AD; Armus, L; Leroy, AK; Veilleux, S; Walter, F; Mushotzky, R		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Bolatto, Alberto D.; Armus, Lee; Leroy, Adam K.; Veilleux, Sylvain; Walter, Fabian; Mushotzky, Richard			How Do Cold Gas Outflows Shape Galaxies?	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							GALACTIC WINDS DRIVEN; X-RAY; COSMOLOGICAL SIMULATIONS; STELLAR FEEDBACK; STAR-FORMATION; H-ALPHA; OBJECT; ORIGIN; FLOWS; M82	The ngVLA will obtain breakthrough observations of the cold phases (molecular and atomic) of galactic outflows. These observations will be key to study the driving mechanisms of cold winds, the fate of the gas, the mass-loss rates, the conditions that trigger cold outflows, the fraction of gas that escapes galaxies, the effects of winds on suppressing star formation and slowing black hole growth, the statistical properties of outflows, and the relation between large scale outflows and ultra-fast outflows and broad absorption line outflows. Finally, we highlight the ngVLA complementarity with existing and planned facilities, such as ALMA/SKA, OST/SPICA, and Lynx/ATHENA.	[Bolatto, Alberto D.; Veilleux, Sylvain; Mushotzky, Richard] Univ Maryland, Dept Astron, College Pk, MD 20742 USA; [Armus, Lee] CALTECH, Infrared Proc & Anal Ctr, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Leroy, Adam K.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Astron, 174 W 18Th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Walter, Fabian] Max Planck Inst Astron, Heidelberg, Germany	Bolatto, AD (corresponding author), Univ Maryland, Dept Astron, College Pk, MD 20742 USA.	bolatto@astro.umd.edu; lee@ipac.caltech.edu; leroy.42@osu.edu; veilleux@astro.umd.edu; walter@mpia.de; richard@astro.umd.edu						56	1	1	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						441	449					9	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200043					2020-09-09	
B	Vedantham, HK		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Vedantham, H. K.			Extreme Scattering Events and Symmetric Achromatic Variations	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter								Radio variability in quasars has been seen on timescales ranging from days to years due to both intrinsic and propagation induced effects (Kellermann & Pauliny-Toth 1968; Rickett 1990). Although separating the two is not always straightforward, observations of singular 'events' in radio light curves have led to two compelling, and thus far unresolved mysteries in propagation induced variability extreme scattering events (ESE) that are a result of plasma lensing by AU-scale ionized structures in the interstellar medium, and symmetric achromatic variability (SAV) that is likely caused by gravitational lensing by greater than or similar to 103 M-circle dot objects. Nearly all theoretical explanations describing these putative lenses have remarkable astrophysical implications. In this chapter we introduce these phenomena, state the unanswered questions and discuss avenues to answer them with a similar to weekly-cadence flux-monitoring survey of 10(3) - 10(4) flat-spectrum radio quasars with the ngVLA.	[Vedantham, H. K.] CALTECH, Cahill Ctr Astron & Astrophys, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Vedantham, HK (corresponding author), CALTECH, Cahill Ctr Astron & Astrophys, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							19	0	0	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						491	497					7	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200049					2020-09-09	
B	Taylor, SR; Simon, J		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Taylor, Stephen R.; Simon, Joseph			From Megaparsecs To Milliparsecs: Galaxy Evolution and Supermassive Black Holes with NANOGrav and the ngVLA	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							BINARIES; GAS	The dynamical evolution of supermassive black-hole binary systems is tethered on large scales to the merger rate of massive galaxies, and on small scales to the stellar and gaseous environments of galactic cores. The population of these systems will create an ensemble gravitational-wave signal at nanohertz frequencies that is detectable by Pulsar Timing Arrays (PTA), such as the North American Nanohertz Observatory for Gravitational Waves (NANOGrav). By measuring nanohertz gravitational waves, we will be able to definitely demonstrate that supermassive black-hole binaries reach milliparsec separations, characterize their sub-parsec dynamical evolution, constrain scaling relationships between the bulge and central black-hole mass, and understand how gas inflow at large scales is fed to central galactic regions. The ngVLA will be an essential complement to this search; its goal resolution will allow for dual AGN to be distinguished, allowing for merger-rate estimates to constrain PTA searches. Using its intercontinental VLBI capabilities (i.e., the ngVLA Long Baseline Array), parsec-scale resolution of binary evolution may be possible, indicating whether binaries stall or are driven efficiently to sub-parsec separations. NANOGrav gravitational-wave analysis, in concert with observations by the ngVLA and complementary facilities, will paint a multi-messenger portrait of galaxy evolution and the dynamics of the most massive black-holes in the Universe.	[Taylor, Stephen R.] CALTECH, Theoret AstroPhys Including Relat TAPIR Grp, MC 350-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Simon, Joseph] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Taylor, SR (corresponding author), CALTECH, Theoret AstroPhys Including Relat TAPIR Grp, MC 350-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	srtaylor@caltech.edu.edu; joseph.j.simon@jpl.nasa.gov						29	0	0	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						611	618					8	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200063					2020-09-09	
B	Burke-Spolaor, S; Blecha, L; Bogdanovic, T; Comerford, JM; Lazio, J; Liu, X; Maccarone, TJ; Pesce, D; Shen, Y; Taylor, G		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Burke-Spolaor, Sarah; Blecha, Laura; Bogdanovic, Tamara; Comerford, Julia M.; Lazio, Joseph; Liu, Xin; Maccarone, Thomas J.; Pesce, Dominic; Shen, Yue; Taylor, Greg			Supermassive Black Hole Pairs and Binaries	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							SYSTEMATIC SEARCH; QUASARS; AGN	The next-generation Very Large Array (ngVLA) has the potential to be a workhorse for the discovery and study of paired supermassive black holes either at large separations (dual) or in tightly bound systems (binary). In this chapter, we outline the science case for the study of these supermassive pairs, and summarize discovery methods that can be used at radio wavelengths to discover them: including morphological, spectral, and time-domain identifications. One critical aspect of this work is that multi-messenger binary black hole studies may be possible with the ngVLA when combined with gravitational-wave searches using pulsar timing array techniques. However, long-baseline interferometry (i.e., 1000 km with the ngVLA Long Baseline Array) will make this possibility more likely by expanding the redshift range at which radio emission arising from two separate black holes may be resolved and studied.	[Burke-Spolaor, Sarah] West Virginia Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Morgantown, WV 26505 USA; [Burke-Spolaor, Sarah] West Virginia Univ, Ctr Gravitat Waves & Cosmol, Morgantown, WV 26501 USA; [Blecha, Laura] Univ Florida, Dept Phys, Gainesville, FL 32611 USA; [Bogdanovic, Tamara] Georgia Inst Technol, Ctr Relativist Astrophys, Atlanta, GA 30332 USA; [Comerford, Julia M.] Univ Colorado, Dept Astrophys & Planetary Sci, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Lazio, Joseph] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Liu, Xin; Shen, Yue] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Maccarone, Thomas J.] Texas Tech Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Lubbock, TX 79409 USA; [Pesce, Dominic] Univ Virginia, Dept Astron, 530 McCormick Rd, Charlottesville, VA 22904 USA; [Pesce, Dominic] Natl Radio Astron Observ, 520 Edgemont Rd, Charlottesville, VA 22903 USA; [Taylor, Greg] Univ New Mexico, Dept Phys & Astron, Albuquerque, NM 87131 USA	Burke-Spolaor, S (corresponding author), West Virginia Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Morgantown, WV 26505 USA.; Burke-Spolaor, S (corresponding author), West Virginia Univ, Ctr Gravitat Waves & Cosmol, Morgantown, WV 26501 USA.	sarah.spolaor@mail.wvu.edu; lblecha@ufl.edu; tamarab@gatech.edu; Julie.Comerford@colorado.edu; xinliuxl@illinois.edu; dpesce@virginia.edu; shenyue@illinois.edu; gbtaylor@unm.edu						72	0	0	0	1	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						677	688					12	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200071					2020-09-09	
B	Blecha, L; Brisken, W; Burke-Spolaor, S; Civano, F; Comerford, J; Darling, J; Lazio, TJW; Maccarone, TJ		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Blecha, Laura; Brisken, Walter; Burke-Spolaor, Sarah; Civano, Francesca; Comerford, Julia; Darling, Jeremy; Lazio, T. Joseph W.; Maccarone, Thomas J.			Offset Active Galactic Nuclei	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							SUPERMASSIVE BLACK-HOLE; GRAVITATIONAL-WAVE RECOIL; DYNAMICS; QUASAR; EVOLUTION; GALAXIES; MERGERS	Gravitational-wave (GW) and gravitational slingshot recoil kicks, which are natural products of SMBH evolution in merging galaxies, can produce active galactic "nuclei" that are offset from the centers of their host galaxies. Detections of offset AGN would provide key constraints on SMBH binary mass and spin evolution and on GW event rates. Although numerous offset AGN candidates have been identified, none have been definitively confirmed. The ngVLA offers unparalleled capabilities to identify and confirm candidate offset AGN from sub-parsec to kiloparsec scales, opening a new avenue for multi-messenger studies in the dawn of low-frequency GW astronomy.	[Blecha, Laura] Univ Florida, Gainesville, FL 32611 USA; [Brisken, Walter] Long Baseline Observ, Socorro, NM USA; [Burke-Spolaor, Sarah] West Virginia Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, POB 6315, Morgantown, WV 26506 USA; [Burke-Spolaor, Sarah] West Virginia Univ, Ctr Gravitat Waves & Cosmol, Chestnut Ridge Res Bldg, Morgantown, WV 26505 USA; [Civano, Francesca] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Comerford, Julia; Darling, Jeremy] Univ Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Lazio, T. Joseph W.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Maccarone, Thomas J.] Texas Tech Univ, Lubbock, TX 79409 USA	Blecha, L (corresponding author), Univ Florida, Gainesville, FL 32611 USA.	lblecha@ufl.edu; wbrisken@lbo.us; sarah.spolaor@mail.wvu.edu; fcivano@cfa.harvard.edu; julie.comerford@colorado.edu; jeremy.darling@colorado.edu; Joseph.Lazio@jpl.nasa.gov; thomas.maccarone@ttu.edu	Darling, Jeremy/A-7968-2009	Darling, Jeremy/0000-0003-2511-2060				45	0	0	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						763	772					10	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200080					2020-09-09	
B	Law, CJ; Bower, GC; Burke-Spolaor, S; Butler, BJ; Demorest, P; Lazio, TJW; Linford, JD		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Law, C. J.; Bower, G. C.; Burke-Spolaor, S.; Butler, B. J.; Demorest, P.; Lazio, T. J. W.; Linford, J. D.			Serendipitous Fast Transient Science with the ngVLA	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							FAST RADIO-BURSTS; HOST GALAXY; EMISSION	Fast radio transients are rich with physical information about the coherent emission mechanisms that generate them and the media they propagate through. We describe the science potential of fast transients at the ngVLA with a focus on the new class of extragalactic transient known as Fast Radio Bursts (FRBs). The rarity of the bursts makes them challenging targets for dedicated observing, but their short duration and high brightness opens the possibility of detection via real-time, commensal searches. We advocate for a correlator architecture that provides access to high-time resolution data products and allows for the potential addition of dedicated computing for real-time analysis. The novel frequency coverage of the ngVLA will test origin models and potentially find FRBs in novel environments.	[Law, C. J.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Bower, G. C.] Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, 645 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Butler, B. J.; Demorest, P.] Natl Radio Astron Observ, Socorro, NM 87801 USA; [Burke-Spolaor, S.; Linford, J. D.] West Virginia Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Morgantown, WV 26506 USA; [Burke-Spolaor, S.; Linford, J. D.] West Virginia Univ, Ctr Gravitat Waves & Cosmol, Chestnut Ridge Res Bldg, Morgantown, WV 26505 USA; [Lazio, T. J. W.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Law, CJ (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	claw@astro.berkeley.edu						46	0	0	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						773	779					7	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200081					2020-09-09	
B	Ravi, V		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Ravi, Vikram			Flares from Coalescing Black Holes in the Centimeter-Wavelength Transient Sky	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							GALACTIC NUCLEI; RADIO; BURST; JETS; BINARIES; GAS	Radio observations have resulted in some of the most fundamental and exciting discoveries in time-domain astronomy. Here I demonstrate the potential for the next generation Very Large Array (ngVLA) to localize prompt centimeter-wavelength counterparts to the coalescing binary supermassive black holes (SMBHs) to be detected by the LISA mission. The resulting redshift measurements of the hosts of LISA-detected coalescences will populate a Hubble diagram up to the epoch of the earliest galaxies. Analysis of the host environments and the electromagnetic coalescence signatures will provide crucial insight into the interactions between binary SMBHs and their environments, and the mechanisms of SMBH formation and growth	[Ravi, Vikram] CALTECH, Cahill Ctr Astron & Astrophys, MC 249-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ravi, V (corresponding author), CALTECH, Cahill Ctr Astron & Astrophys, MC 249-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	vikram@caltech.edu						57	0	0	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						781	790					10	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200082					2020-09-09	
B	Bower, GC; Chatterjee, S; Cordes, J; Demorest, P; Deneva, JS; Dexter, J; Kramer, M; Lazio, J; Ransom, S; Shao, LJ; Wex, N; Wharton, R		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Bower, Geoffrey C.; Chatterjee, Shami; Cordes, Jim; Demorest, Paul; Deneva, Julia S.; Dexter, Jason; Kramer, Michael; Lazio, Joseph; Ransom, Scott; Shao, Lijing; Wex, Norbert; Wharton, Robert			Galactic Center Pulsars with the ngVLA	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							SAGITTARIUS-A-ASTERISK; INTERSTELLAR SCATTERING; BLACK-HOLE; STARS; SEARCH	Pulsars in the Galactic Center (GC) are important probes of General Relativity, star formation, stellar dynamics, stellar evolution, and the interstellar medium. Despite years of searching, only a handful of pulsars in the central 0 degrees.5 are known. The high-frequency sensitivity of ngVLA will open a new window for discovery and characterization of pulsars in the GC. A pulsar in orbit around the GC black hole, Sgr A*, will provide an unprecedented probe of black hole physics and General Relativity.	[Bower, Geoffrey C.] Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Chatterjee, Shami; Cordes, Jim] Cornell Univ, Dept Astron, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA; [Demorest, Paul] NRAO, Socorro, NM 87801 USA; [Deneva, Julia S.] George Mason Univ, Naval Res Lab, Washington, DC 20575 USA; [Dexter, Jason] Max Planck Inst Extraterr Phys, Garching, Germany; [Kramer, Michael; Shao, Lijing; Wex, Norbert; Wharton, Robert] Max Planck Inst Radioastron, Hugel 69, D-53121 Bonn, Germany; [Lazio, Joseph] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Ransom, Scott] NRAO, Charlottesville, VA 22903 USA	Bower, GC (corresponding author), Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, Hilo, HI 96720 USA.	gbower@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw; shami@astro.cornell.edu; cordes@astro.cornell.edu; pdemores@nrao.edu; iulia.deneva.ctr@nrl.navy.mil; jdexter@mpe.mpg.de; mkramer@mpifr-bonn.mpg.de; Joseph.Lazio@jpl.nasa.gov; sransom@nrao.edu; lshao@mpifr-bonn.mpg.de; wex@mpifr-bonn.mpg.de; wharton@mpifr-bonn.mpg.de		Shao, Lijing/0000-0002-1334-8853				34	2	2	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						793	801					9	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200083					2020-09-09	
B	Bull, P; Harrison, I; Huff, E		Murphy, EJ	NGVLA Sci Advisory Council	Bull, Philip; Harrison, Ian; Huff, Eric			Weak Gravitational Lensing with CO Galaxies	SCIENCE WITH A NEXT-GENERATION VERY LARGE ARRAY	Monographs of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific		English	Article; Book Chapter							SHEAR; REQUIREMENTS; SHAPES; VLA	Optical weak lensing surveys have become a powerful tool for precision cosmology, but remain subject to systematic effects that can severely bias cosmological parameter estimates if not carefully removed. We discuss the possibility of performing complementary weak lensing surveys at radio/microwave frequencies, using detections of CO-emitting galaxies with resolved continuum images from the ngVLA. This method has completely different systematic uncertainties to optical weak lensing shear measurements (e.g., in terms of blending, PSF, and redshift uncertainties), and can provide additional information to help disentangle intrinsic alignments from the cosmological shear signal. A combined analysis of optical and CO galaxy lensing surveys would therefore provide an extremely stringent validation of highly-sensitive future surveys with Euclid, LSST, and WFIRST, definitively rejecting biases due to residual systematic effects. A lensing survey on the ngVLA would also provide valuable spectral (kinematic) and polarimetric information, which can be used to develop novel cosmological analyses that are not currently possible in the optical.	[Bull, Philip] Univ Calif Berkeley, Radio Astron Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Harrison, Ian] Univ Manchester, Sch Phys & Astron, Jodrell Bank, Ctr Astrophys, Manchester M13 9PL, Lancs, England; [Huff, Eric] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA USA	Bull, P (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Radio Astron Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	philbull@berkeley.edu; ian.harrison-2@manchester.ac.uk; Eric.M.Huff@jpl.nasa.gov						37	0	0	0	0	ASTRONOMICAL SOC PACIFIC	SAN FRANCISCO	390 ASHTON AVE, SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94112 USA			978-1-58381-919-7	MONOGR ASTRON SOC PA			2018	7						803	811					9	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BM1EI	WOS:000459641200084					2020-09-09	
S	Calafiura, P; Farrell, S; Gray, H; Vlimant, JR; Innocente, V; Salzburger, A; Amrouche, S; Golling, T; Kiehn, M; Estrade, V; Germaint, C; Guyon, I; Moyse, E; Rousseau, D; Yilmaz, Y; Gligorov, VV; Hushchyn, M; Ustyuzhanin, A			IEEE	Calafiura, Paolo; Farrell, Steven; Gray, Heather; Vlimant, Jean-Roch; Innocente, Vincenzo; Salzburger, Andreas; Amrouche, Sabrina; Golling, Tobias; Kiehn, Moritz; Estrade, Victor; Germaint, Cecile; Guyon, Isabelle; Moyse, Ed; Rousseau, David; Yilmaz, Yetkin; Gligorov, Vladimir Vava; Hushchyn, Mikhail; Ustyuzhanin, Andrey			TrackML a High Energy Physics particle tracking challenge	2018 IEEE 14TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON E-SCIENCE (E-SCIENCE 2018)	Proceeding IEEE International Conference on e-Science (e-Science)		English	Proceedings Paper	14th IEEE International Conference on E-Science (E-Science)	OCT 29-NOV 01, 2018	Amsterdam, NETHERLANDS	IEEE, IEEE Comp Soc					[Calafiura, Paolo; Farrell, Steven; Gray, Heather] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Berkeley, CA USA; [Vlimant, Jean-Roch] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Innocente, Vincenzo; Salzburger, Andreas] CERN, Geneva, Switzerland; [Amrouche, Sabrina; Golling, Tobias; Kiehn, Moritz] Univ Geneva, Geneva, Switzerland; [Estrade, Victor; Germaint, Cecile; Guyon, Isabelle] LRI, Orsay, France; [Moyse, Ed] Univ Massachussetts, Boston, MA USA; [Rousseau, David; Yilmaz, Yetkin] LAL, Orsay, France; [Gligorov, Vladimir Vava] LPNHE, Paris, France; [Hushchyn, Mikhail; Ustyuzhanin, Andrey] HSE, Yandex, Moscow, Russia	Rousseau, D (corresponding author), LAL, Orsay, France.	trackml.contact@gmail.com	Hushchyn, Mikhail/V-4864-2019	Hushchyn, Mikhail/0000-0002-8894-6292				0	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2325-372X		978-1-5386-9156-4	P IEEE INT C E-SCI			2018							344	344		10.1109/eScience.2018.00088			1	Computer Science, Interdisciplinary Applications; Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BM1IJ	WOS:000459856400080					2020-09-09	
S	Arumugam, DD			IEEE	Arumugam, Darmindra D.			Deep-Sub-Wavelength Magnetoquasistatic Indoor Navigation Sensor-2D Measurements	2018 IEEE ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION SOCIETY INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION & USNC/URSI NATIONAL RADIO SCIENCE MEETING	IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society International Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Antennas-and-Propagation-Society International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation / USNC/URSI National Radio Science Meeting	JUL 08-13, 2018	Boston, MA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Antennas & Propagat Soc, USNC, URSI, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers			IMAGE THEORY	Recent progress in magnetoquasistatic (MQS) field-based techniques have enabled effective sensor techniques for accurate position sensing in indoor environments. Key to the technique is the ability to measure and invert MQS field couplings from an external active device to an internal active device. Due to use of low-frequency MQS couplings, the technique enables accurate field inversions within a few skin-depths into an indoor environment. We demonstrate 2D position tracking for a mobile MQS receiver device in a large indoor house environment with through-the-wall coupling, and analyze the error in data collected.	[Arumugam, Darmindra D.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Arumugam, DD (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Darmindra.D.Arumugam@jpl.nasa.gov			Department of Homeland SecurityUnited States Department of Homeland Security (DHS)	The work described in this paper was carried out at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the Department of Homeland Security.		12	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1522-3965		978-1-5386-7102-3	IEEE ANTENNAS PROP			2018							763	764					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM1FH	WOS:000459711500367					2020-09-09	
S	Manthena, R; Arumugam, D			IEEE	Manthena, Raju; Arumugam, Darmindra			Backscatter model for low-frequency magneto-quasistatic fields in indoor environments	2018 IEEE ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION SOCIETY INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION & USNC/URSI NATIONAL RADIO SCIENCE MEETING	IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society International Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Antennas-and-Propagation-Society International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation / USNC/URSI National Radio Science Meeting	JUL 08-13, 2018	Boston, MA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Antennas & Propagat Soc, USNC, URSI, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers				We provide a mathematical model to predict signal backscatter loss for low-frequency magnetoquasistatic fields in indoor environments. Experimental and deterministic theoretical data are shown to model magnetic field path loss and take into account induced eddy-currents from large nearby walls in the indoor environments.	[Manthena, Raju; Arumugam, Darmindra] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Manthena, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	raju.l.manthena@jpl.nasa.gov; darmindra.d.arumguam@jpl.nasa.gov						3	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1522-3965		978-1-5386-7102-3	IEEE ANTENNAS PROP			2018							765	766					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM1FH	WOS:000459711500368					2020-09-09	
S	Arumugam, DD			IEEE	Arumugam, Darmindra D.			Drift-Free Range, Velocity, and Acceleration Sensing via Magnetoquasistatic Field Couplings	2018 IEEE ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION SOCIETY INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION & USNC/URSI NATIONAL RADIO SCIENCE MEETING	IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society International Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Antennas-and-Propagation-Society International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation / USNC/URSI National Radio Science Meeting	JUL 08-13, 2018	Boston, MA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Antennas & Propagat Soc, USNC, URSI, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers			TRACKING; POSITION	We demonstrate and discuss a technique to enable drift-free wireless sensing of range, velocity, and acceleration of a mobile device by measurements of the magnetoquasistatic field couplings between the device and a base sensor or anchor node.	[Arumugam, Darmindra D.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Arumugam, DD (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Darmindra.D.Arumugam@jpl.nasa.gov			Department of Homeland SecurityUnited States Department of Homeland Security (DHS)	The work described in this paper was carried out at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the Department of Homeland Security.		9	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1522-3965		978-1-5386-7102-3	IEEE ANTENNAS PROP			2018							1093	1094					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM1FH	WOS:000459711501100					2020-09-09	
S	Chahat, N; Cook, B; Estabrook, P			IEEE	Chahat, Nacer; Cook, Brant; Estabrook, Polly			All-Metal Dual-Frequency Circularly Polarized High Gain Antenna for potential Europa Lander	2018 IEEE ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION SOCIETY INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION & USNC/URSI NATIONAL RADIO SCIENCE MEETING	IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society International Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Antennas-and-Propagation-Society International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation / USNC/URSI National Radio Science Meeting	JUL 08-13, 2018	Boston, MA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Antennas & Propagat Soc, USNC, URSI, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers		antenna; array; stripline; waveguide; dual frequency; DTE; DFE; telecommunication; patch		A new all-metal dual-frequency RHCP high gain antenna is under development at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory for a potential Europa Lander. The antenna is mainly made of metal so it could survive the harsh environment conditions (i.e. very low temperature and high radiation and ESD levels). The antenna is also flat to meet drastic volume constraints and has efficiencies higher than 80% at both the uplink and downlink X-band Deep Space frequency bands. This antenna is a key component for the potential mission enabling Direct Link to Earth (DTE) from and Direct-from-Earth (DFE) to the lander without any relay.	[Chahat, Nacer; Cook, Brant; Estabrook, Polly] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Chahat, N (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	nacer.e.chahat@jpl.nasa.gov						6	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1522-3965		978-1-5386-7102-3	IEEE ANTENNAS PROP			2018							1225	1226					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM1FH	WOS:000459711501165					2020-09-09	
S	Cable, V			IEEE	Cable, Vaughn			When Deployable Spacecraft Antennas Don't	2018 IEEE ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION SOCIETY INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION & USNC/URSI NATIONAL RADIO SCIENCE MEETING	IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society International Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Antennas-and-Propagation-Society International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation / USNC/URSI National Radio Science Meeting	JUL 08-13, 2018	Boston, MA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Antennas & Propagat Soc, USNC, URSI, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers				The objective of this paper is to explore possibilities for continued use of certain deployable spacecraft antennas when full deployment fails. Four (4) deployables are used as examples, including 1) a reflectarray, 2) a parabolic reflector, 3) a loop, and 4) a set of 4 monopoles. The measure of "continued usability" in each case is relative antenna gain as a function of partial deployment. Note, types (and levels) of partial deployment presented here are strictly hypothetical. Also, discussions of actual deployment mechanisms are considered outside the scope of this paper.	[Cable, Vaughn] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Cable, V (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	vcable@jpl.nasa.gov						4	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1522-3965		978-1-5386-7102-3	IEEE ANTENNAS PROP			2018							1649	1650					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM1FH	WOS:000459711501367					2020-09-09	
S	Arumugam, DD; Gim, Y; Heggy, E; Wu, XQ			IEEE	Arumugam, Darmindra D.; Gim, Yonggyu; Heggy, Essam; Wu, Xiaoqing			Synthetic aperture radar imaging of the interior of comets using time-domain back-projection	2018 IEEE ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION SOCIETY INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION & USNC/URSI NATIONAL RADIO SCIENCE MEETING	IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society International Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Antennas-and-Propagation-Society International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation / USNC/URSI National Radio Science Meeting	JUL 08-13, 2018	Boston, MA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Antennas & Propagat Soc, USNC, URSI, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers				Synthetic aperture radar (SAR) imaging is commonly used today for topographic and tomographic imaging of planetary surfaces and sub-surfaces. We describe SAR imaging of the interior of comets using time-domain back-projection and a simple ray-bending solution that accounts for the bulk dielectric property of the icy interior of the comet.	[Arumugam, Darmindra D.; Gim, Yonggyu; Wu, Xiaoqing] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Heggy, Essam] Univ Southern Calif, Dept Elect Engn, Los Angeles, CA USA	Arumugam, DD (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Darmindra.D.Arumugam@jpl.nasa.gov; Yonggyu.Gim@jpl.nasa.gov; Heggy@usc.edu; Xiaoqing.Wu@jpl.nasa.gov	Heggy, Essam/AAL-8124-2020	Heggy, Essam/0000-0001-7476-2735	National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The work in this article was carried out at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		5	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1522-3965		978-1-5386-7102-3	IEEE ANTENNAS PROP			2018							1795	1796					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM1FH	WOS:000459711501438					2020-09-09	
S	Manthena, R; Arumugam, D			IEEE	Manthena, Raju; Arumugam, Darmindra			Subsurface Cylindrical Cavity Detection via TE and TM Mode Mismatch Analysis	2018 IEEE ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION SOCIETY INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNAS AND PROPAGATION & USNC/URSI NATIONAL RADIO SCIENCE MEETING	IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society International Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Antennas-and-Propagation-Society International Symposium on Antennas and Propagation / USNC/URSI National Radio Science Meeting	JUL 08-13, 2018	Boston, MA	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Antennas & Propagat Soc, USNC, URSI, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers			INHOMOGENEITY	A method to detect cylindrical cavities in the subsurface of a lossy-dielectric using low-frequency resonance mode scattering in the transverse electric (TE) and transverse magnetic (TM) modes is presented. The technique offers a method to detect a cylindrical cavity in the sub-surface and find the cross sectional area of the cavity. Experimental data is shown to confirm the correlation between observed and theoretical data.	[Manthena, Raju; Arumugam, Darmindra] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Manthena, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Raju.L.Manthena@jpl.nasa.gov; Darmindra.D.Arumugam@jpl.nasa.gov						7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1522-3965		978-1-5386-7102-3	IEEE ANTENNAS PROP			2018							1971	1972					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BM1FH	WOS:000459711502022					2020-09-09	
B	Gal-Katziri, M; Hajimiri, A			IEEE	Gal-Katziri, Matan; Hajimiri, Ali			A Sub-Picosecond Hybrid DLL for Large-Scale Phased Array Synchronization	2018 IEEE ASIAN SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONFERENCE (A-SSCC): PROCEEDINGS OF TECHNICAL PAPERS	IEEE Asian Solid-State Circuits Conference Proceedings of Technical Papers		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Asian Solid-State Circuits Conference (A-SSCC)	NOV 05-07, 2018	Tainan, TAIWAN	IEEE, IEEE Solid State Circuits Soc, IEEE Reg 10 Solid State Circuits Soc Chapter		CMOS integrated circuits; phased-arrays; radio frequency; tracking loops; delay-lines; phase locked loops; phase noise	RECEIVER; QUAD	A large-scale timing synchronization scheme for scalable phased arrays is presented. This approach utilizes a DLL co-designed with a subsequent 2.5GHz PLL. The DLL employs a low noise, fine/coarse delay tuning to reduce the in-band rms jitter to 323fs, an order of magnitude improvement over previous works at similar frequencies. The DLL was fabricated in a 65nm bulk CMOS process and was characterized from 27MHz to 270MHz. It consumes up to 3.3mW from a 1V power supply and has a small footprint of 0.036mm(2).	[Gal-Katziri, Matan; Hajimiri, Ali] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Gal-Katziri, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	mgal@caltech.edu			Caltech's Space Solar Power Project (SSPP)	This work was sponsored by Caltech's Space Solar Power Project (SSPP).		11	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-5386-6413-1	IEEE ASIAN SOLID STA			2018							231	234					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BM1HZ	WOS:000459847500070					2020-09-09	
S	Gonzalez-Ovejero, D; Ettorre, M; Chahat, N; Sauleau, R; Maci, S; Chattopadhyay, G			IEEE	Gonzalez-Ovejero, David; Ettorre, Mauro; Chahat, Nacer; Sauleau, Ronan; Maci, Stefano; Chattopadhyay, Goutam			Ka-band modulated metasurface antennas fabricated by metal additive manufacturing	2018 18TH INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON ANTENNA TECHNOLOGY AND APPLIED ELECTROMAGNETICS (ANTEM 2018)	International Symposium on Antenna Technology and Applied Electromagnetics		English	Proceedings Paper	18th International Symposium on Antenna Technology and Applied Electromagnetics (ANTEM)	AUG 19-22, 2018	Waterloo, CANADA	IEEE, Univ Manitoba, Univ Waterloo, U R S I			BULLS-EYE ANTENNA	Metasurface (MTS) antennas present an equivalent modulated reactance tensor in the aperture plane, which is designed to gradually radiate a surface-wave (SW). The modulation results in the (-1) indexed Floquet mode entering the visible region, thus becoming a leaky-wave (LW) mode with curvilinear phase-contour. In this paper, we explore the use of metallic MTSs to synthesize the reactance tensor required to obtain an objective radiation pattern, with a given shape and polarization. The proposed structure is particularly well suited to fabrication by metal additive manufacturing. We have designed several metallic MTS antennas, verifying their performance by full-wave simulations. We have also fabricated a prototype, and the measurements have validated the simulation results.	[Gonzalez-Ovejero, David; Ettorre, Mauro; Sauleau, Ronan] Univ Rennes 1, UMR CNRS 6164, IETR, F-35042 Rennes, France; [Chahat, Nacer; Chattopadhyay, Goutam] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Maci, Stefano] Univ Siena, Via Roma 56, I-53100 Siena, Italy	Gonzalez-Ovejero, D (corresponding author), Univ Rennes 1, UMR CNRS 6164, IETR, F-35042 Rennes, France.	david.gonzalez-ovejero@univ-rennes1.fr; mauro.ettorre@univ-rennes1.fr; nacer.e.chahat@jpl.nasa.gov; ronan.sauleau@univ-rennes1.fr; macis@dii.unisi.it; goutam.chattopadhyay@jpl.nasa.gov	Gonzalez-Ovejero, David/AAA-1094-2020	Gonzalez-Ovejero, David/0000-0002-2552-0649	European Union through the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF)European Union (EU); Ministry of Higher Education and Research, Brittany and Rennes Metropole, through the CPER Project SOPHIE / STIC Ondes	This publication is supported by the European Union through the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), and by Ministry of Higher Education and Research, Brittany and Rennes Metropole, through the CPER Project SOPHIE / STIC & Ondes.		10	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2380-8616		978-1-5386-1338-2	INT SYMP ANT TECH			2018													2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Physics, Applied	Engineering; Physics	BM1EA	WOS:000459606100116					2020-09-09	
S	Cheng, R; Sui, YA; Sayenko, D; Burdick, JW	Kosecka, J	Maciejewski, AA; Okamura, A; Bicchi, A; Stachniss, C; Song, DZ; Lee, DH; Chaumette, F; Ding, H; Li, JS; Wen, J; Roberts, J; Masamune, K; Chong, NY; Amato, N; Tsagwarakis, N; Rocco, P; Asfour, T; Chung, WK; Yasuyoshi, Y; Sun, Y; Maciekeski, T; Althoefer, K; AndradeCetto, J; Chung, WK; Demircan, E; Dias, J; Fraisse, P; Gross, R; Harada, H; Hasegawa, Y; Hayashibe, M; Kiguchi, K; Kim, K; Kroeger, T; Li, Y; Ma, S; Mochiyama, H; Monje, CA; Rekleitis, I; Roberts, R; Stulp, F; Tsai, CHD; Zollo, L		Cheng, Richard; Sui, Yanan; Sayenko, Dimitry; Burdick, Joel W.	Kosecka, J		On Muscle Activation for Improving Robotic Rehabilitation after Spinal Cord Injury	2018 IEEE/RSJ INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT ROBOTS AND SYSTEMS (IROS)	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	25th IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	OCT 01-05, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	IEEE Robot & Automat Soc, IEEE Ind Elect Soc, Robot Soc Japan, Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, New Technol Fdn, IEEE, Adept MobileRobots, Willow Garage, Aldebaran Robot, Natl Instruments, Reflexxes GmbH, Schunk Intec S L U, Univ Carlos III Madrid, BOSCH, JD COM, Pal Robot, KUKA, Santander, Squirrel AI Learning, Baidu, Generat Robots, KINOVA Robot, Ouster, Univ Pablo Olavide Sevilla, Rapyuta Robot, SICK, TOYOTA, UP, Amazon, ARGO, Built Robot, Disney Res, Easy Mile, Hitachi, Robot, Khalifa Univ, Magazino, MathWorks, New Dexterity, Schunk, nuTonomy, PILZ, Prophesee, Rootnik, Saga Robot, Shadow, Soft Bank Robot, Anyverse, GalTech, Generat Robot, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Sci Robot, AAAS, TERAS			STIMULATION	Spinal cord stimulation (SCS) has recently enabled humans with motor complete spinal cord injury (SCI) to independently stand and recover some lost autonomic function. However, the nature of the recovered motor activity and the interplay between SCS and motor training are not well understood. Understanding the effect of stand training and spinal stimulation on motor activity during bipedal standing is important for designing spinal rehabilitation therapies that seek to combine spinal stimulation and rehabilitative robots. In this study, we examined electromyography (EMG) data gathered from two SCI patients and six healthy subjects as they attempted standing. We analyzed the muscle activation patterns and EMG waveform shape to quantify both the changes in SCI patient motor activity with training, and the differences between healthy motor activity and SCI patient motor activity under stimulation. We also looked for correlations between the similarity in SCI patients' motor activity to healthy subjects and their overall standing ability. We found that good standing in SCI patients does not emulate healthy standing muscle activity. Furthermore, patient stand training heavily influenced motor activation patterns, but not in ways that improved standing ability. These results indicate that current training techniques do not optimally influence motor activity, and robotic rehabilitation strategies for SCI patients should target essential features of motor activity to optimize functional performance, rather than emulate healthy activity.	[Cheng, Richard; Sui, Yanan; Burdick, Joel W.] CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Sayenko, Dimitry] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Integrat Biol & Physiol, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA	Cheng, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	rcheng@caltech.edu; ysui@caltech.edu; dsayenko@g.ucla.edu; jwb@robotics.caltech.edu	Sayenko, Dimitry/AAP-4936-2020	Sayenko, Dimitry/0000-0002-4154-6873				22	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-0858		978-1-5386-8094-0	IEEE INT C INT ROBOT			2018							798	805					8	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Robotics	Computer Science; Robotics	BM0LT	WOS:000458872700092					2020-09-09	
S	Georgiev, N; Burdick, J	Kosecka, J	Maciejewski, AA; Okamura, A; Bicchi, A; Stachniss, C; Song, DZ; Lee, DH; Chaumette, F; Ding, H; Li, JS; Wen, J; Roberts, J; Masamune, K; Chong, NY; Amato, N; Tsagwarakis, N; Rocco, P; Asfour, T; Chung, WK; Yasuyoshi, Y; Sun, Y; Maciekeski, T; Althoefer, K; AndradeCetto, J; Chung, WK; Demircan, E; Dias, J; Fraisse, P; Gross, R; Harada, H; Hasegawa, Y; Hayashibe, M; Kiguchi, K; Kim, K; Kroeger, T; Li, Y; Ma, S; Mochiyama, H; Monje, CA; Rekleitis, I; Roberts, R; Stulp, F; Tsai, CHD; Zollo, L		Georgiev, Nikola; Burdick, Joel	Kosecka, J		Optimization-based Design and Analysis of Planar Rotary Springs	2018 IEEE/RSJ INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT ROBOTS AND SYSTEMS (IROS)	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	25th IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	OCT 01-05, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	IEEE Robot & Automat Soc, IEEE Ind Elect Soc, Robot Soc Japan, Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, New Technol Fdn, IEEE, Adept MobileRobots, Willow Garage, Aldebaran Robot, Natl Instruments, Reflexxes GmbH, Schunk Intec S L U, Univ Carlos III Madrid, BOSCH, JD COM, Pal Robot, KUKA, Santander, Squirrel AI Learning, Baidu, Generat Robots, KINOVA Robot, Ouster, Univ Pablo Olavide Sevilla, Rapyuta Robot, SICK, TOYOTA, UP, Amazon, ARGO, Built Robot, Disney Res, Easy Mile, Hitachi, Robot, Khalifa Univ, Magazino, MathWorks, New Dexterity, Schunk, nuTonomy, PILZ, Prophesee, Rootnik, Saga Robot, Shadow, Soft Bank Robot, Anyverse, GalTech, Generat Robot, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Sci Robot, AAAS, TERAS				This paper develops new methods to design high performance rotary series elastic actuator springs for robotics applications. The approach is based on a spring arm mathematical model that was previously introduced by the authors. The key contribution is the development of an optimization-based design method which maximizes the springs' overall torque density through optimization of the arm profile. An improved analysis algorithm allows for rapid torsional loading response simulation with possible internal contacts between the spring arms. The proposed design and analysis algorithms are validated through FEA and prototype mechanical testing.	[Georgiev, Nikola; Burdick, Joel] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Georgiev, N (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	georgiev@caltech.edu; jwb@robotics.caltech.edu			Robotics Collaborative Technology Alliance	This work was partially supported by the Robotics Collaborative Technology Alliance.		10	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-0858		978-1-5386-8094-0	IEEE INT C INT ROBOT			2018							927	934					8	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Robotics	Computer Science; Robotics	BM0LT	WOS:000458872701009					2020-09-09	
S	Parisi, GI; Barros, P; Fu, D; Magg, S; Wu, HY; Liu, X; Wermter, S	Kosecka, J	Maciejewski, AA; Okamura, A; Bicchi, A; Stachniss, C; Song, DZ; Lee, DH; Chaumette, F; Ding, H; Li, JS; Wen, J; Roberts, J; Masamune, K; Chong, NY; Amato, N; Tsagwarakis, N; Rocco, P; Asfour, T; Chung, WK; Yasuyoshi, Y; Sun, Y; Maciekeski, T; Althoefer, K; AndradeCetto, J; Chung, WK; Demircan, E; Dias, J; Fraisse, P; Gross, R; Harada, H; Hasegawa, Y; Hayashibe, M; Kiguchi, K; Kim, K; Kroeger, T; Li, Y; Ma, S; Mochiyama, H; Monje, CA; Rekleitis, I; Roberts, R; Stulp, F; Tsai, CHD; Zollo, L		Parisi, German, I; Barros, Pablo; Fu, Di; Magg, Sven; Wu, Haiyan; Liu, Xun; Wermter, Stefan	Kosecka, J		A Neurorobotic Experiment for Crossmodal Conflict Resolution in Complex Environments	2018 IEEE/RSJ INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT ROBOTS AND SYSTEMS (IROS)	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	25th IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	OCT 01-05, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	IEEE Robot & Automat Soc, IEEE Ind Elect Soc, Robot Soc Japan, Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, New Technol Fdn, IEEE, Adept MobileRobots, Willow Garage, Aldebaran Robot, Natl Instruments, Reflexxes GmbH, Schunk Intec S L U, Univ Carlos III Madrid, BOSCH, JD COM, Pal Robot, KUKA, Santander, Squirrel AI Learning, Baidu, Generat Robots, KINOVA Robot, Ouster, Univ Pablo Olavide Sevilla, Rapyuta Robot, SICK, TOYOTA, UP, Amazon, ARGO, Built Robot, Disney Res, Easy Mile, Hitachi, Robot, Khalifa Univ, Magazino, MathWorks, New Dexterity, Schunk, nuTonomy, PILZ, Prophesee, Rootnik, Saga Robot, Shadow, Soft Bank Robot, Anyverse, GalTech, Generat Robot, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Sci Robot, AAAS, TERAS			ROBOT	Crossmodal conflict resolution is crucial for robot sensorimotor coupling through the interaction with the environment, yielding swift and robust behaviour also in noisy conditions. In this paper, we propose a neurorobotic experiment in which an iCub robot exhibits human-like responses in a complex crossmodal environment. To better understand how humans deal with multisensory conflicts, we conducted a behavioural study exposing 33 subjects to congruent and incongruent dynamic audio-visual cues. In contrast to previous studies using simplified stimuli, we designed a scenario with four animated avatars and observed that the magnitude and extension of the visual bias are related to the semantics embedded in the scene, i.e., visual cues that are congruent with environmental statistics (moving lips and vocalization) induce the strongest bias. We implement a deep learning model that processes stereophonic sound, facial features, and body motion to trigger a discrete behavioural response. After training the model, we exposed the iCub to the same experimental conditions as the human subjects, showing that the robot can replicate similar responses in real time. Our interdisciplinary work provides important insights into how crossmodal conflict resolution can be modelled in robots and introduces future research directions for the efficient combination of sensory observations with internally generated knowledge and expectations.	[Parisi, German, I; Barros, Pablo; Fu, Di; Magg, Sven; Wermter, Stefan] Univ Hamburg, Dept Informat, Knowledge Technol, Hamburg, Germany; [Fu, Di; Wu, Haiyan; Liu, Xun] Chinese Acad Sci, CAS Key Lab Behav Sci, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Fu, Di; Wu, Haiyan; Liu, Xun] Univ CAS, Dept Psychol, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Wu, Haiyan] CALTECH, Div Humanities & Social Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Parisi, GI (corresponding author), Univ Hamburg, Dept Informat, Knowledge Technol, Hamburg, Germany.	Parisi@informatik.uni-hamburg.de; Barros@informatik.uni-hamburg.de; fud@psych.ac.cn; Magg@informatik.uni-hamburg.de; wuhy@psych.ac.cn; liux@psych.ac.cn; Wermter@informatik.uni-hamburg.de	Liu, Xun/C-2400-2009	Liu, Xun/0000-0003-1366-8926; Barros, Pablo/0000-0002-6517-682X	National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC)National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC); China Scholarship CouncilChina Scholarship Council; German Research Foundation (DFG) under project Transregio Crossmodal LearningGerman Research Foundation (DFG) [TRR 169]	This research was supported by National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC), the China Scholarship Council, and the German Research Foundation (DFG) under project Transregio Crossmodal Learning (TRR 169). The authors would like to thank Jonathan Tong, Athanasia Kanellou, Matthias Kerzel, Guochun Yang, and Zhenghan Li for discussions and technical support.		20	2	2	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-0858		978-1-5386-8094-0	IEEE INT C INT ROBOT			2018							2330	2335					6	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Robotics	Computer Science; Robotics	BM0LT	WOS:000458872702045		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Brown, T; Stefanini, A; Georgiev, N; Sawoniewic, J; Nesnas, I	Kosecka, J	Maciejewski, AA; Okamura, A; Bicchi, A; Stachniss, C; Song, DZ; Lee, DH; Chaumette, F; Ding, H; Li, JS; Wen, J; Roberts, J; Masamune, K; Chong, NY; Amato, N; Tsagwarakis, N; Rocco, P; Asfour, T; Chung, WK; Yasuyoshi, Y; Sun, Y; Maciekeski, T; Althoefer, K; AndradeCetto, J; Chung, WK; Demircan, E; Dias, J; Fraisse, P; Gross, R; Harada, H; Hasegawa, Y; Hayashibe, M; Kiguchi, K; Kim, K; Kroeger, T; Li, Y; Ma, S; Mochiyama, H; Monje, CA; Rekleitis, I; Roberts, R; Stulp, F; Tsai, CHD; Zollo, L		Brown, Travis; Stefanini, Alessandro; Georgiev, Nikola; Sawoniewic, Jacek; Nesnas, Issa	Kosecka, J		Series Elastic Tether Management for Rappelling Rovers	2018 IEEE/RSJ INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT ROBOTS AND SYSTEMS (IROS)	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	25th IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	OCT 01-05, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	IEEE Robot & Automat Soc, IEEE Ind Elect Soc, Robot Soc Japan, Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, New Technol Fdn, IEEE, Adept MobileRobots, Willow Garage, Aldebaran Robot, Natl Instruments, Reflexxes GmbH, Schunk Intec S L U, Univ Carlos III Madrid, BOSCH, JD COM, Pal Robot, KUKA, Santander, Squirrel AI Learning, Baidu, Generat Robots, KINOVA Robot, Ouster, Univ Pablo Olavide Sevilla, Rapyuta Robot, SICK, TOYOTA, UP, Amazon, ARGO, Built Robot, Disney Res, Easy Mile, Hitachi, Robot, Khalifa Univ, Magazino, MathWorks, New Dexterity, Schunk, nuTonomy, PILZ, Prophesee, Rootnik, Saga Robot, Shadow, Soft Bank Robot, Anyverse, GalTech, Generat Robot, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Sci Robot, AAAS, TERAS				The Axel rappelling rover was designed to enable access to intriguing and important science sites that lie in difficult terrains that are inaccessible to conventional rovers. Extended autonomous rappelling calls for careful control of tether tension, precise management of tether spooling, and some measure of shock tolerance. This paper covers the design and testing of a first-generation tether management system (TMS) for Axel. The system uses a double bull-wheel capstan driven by a low-stiffness series elastic actuator (SEA) to provide tension control and decouple internal spooling tension from external tether tension. A series elastic actuator was chosen for this application to permit closed-loop tether tension control and to provide shock/drop tolerance of the rappelling system both while moving and when the system is inactive with the motors locked. Experiments on the new TMS show that this design performs well in keeping nearly constant spooling tension while rejecting large dynamic disturbances at the output. While the SEA is very effective at maintaining a given tension contribution, the additional effects of friction and the unique mechanical properties of the tether result in substantial errors in the measured output tension. Upcoming field trials will be used to evaluate the effectiveness and sufficiency of this system when integrated in Axel.	[Brown, Travis; Stefanini, Alessandro; Sawoniewic, Jacek; Nesnas, Issa] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Georgiev, Nikola] CALTECH, Dept Mech Engn, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Brown, T (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	travis.l.brown@jpl.nasa.gov; georgiev@caltech.edu			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		17	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-0858		978-1-5386-8094-0	IEEE INT C INT ROBOT			2018							2893	2900					8	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Robotics	Computer Science; Robotics	BM0LT	WOS:000458872702107					2020-09-09	
S	Xiong, XB; Ames, AD	Kosecka, J	Maciejewski, AA; Okamura, A; Bicchi, A; Stachniss, C; Song, DZ; Lee, DH; Chaumette, F; Ding, H; Li, JS; Wen, J; Roberts, J; Masamune, K; Chong, NY; Amato, N; Tsagwarakis, N; Rocco, P; Asfour, T; Chung, WK; Yasuyoshi, Y; Sun, Y; Maciekeski, T; Althoefer, K; AndradeCetto, J; Chung, WK; Demircan, E; Dias, J; Fraisse, P; Gross, R; Harada, H; Hasegawa, Y; Hayashibe, M; Kiguchi, K; Kim, K; Kroeger, T; Li, Y; Ma, S; Mochiyama, H; Monje, CA; Rekleitis, I; Roberts, R; Stulp, F; Tsai, CHD; Zollo, L		Xiong, Xiaobin; Ames, Aaron D.	Kosecka, J		Bipedal Hopping: Reduced-order Model Embedding via Optimization-based Control	2018 IEEE/RSJ INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT ROBOTS AND SYSTEMS (IROS)	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	25th IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	OCT 01-05, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	IEEE Robot & Automat Soc, IEEE Ind Elect Soc, Robot Soc Japan, Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, New Technol Fdn, IEEE, Adept MobileRobots, Willow Garage, Aldebaran Robot, Natl Instruments, Reflexxes GmbH, Schunk Intec S L U, Univ Carlos III Madrid, BOSCH, JD COM, Pal Robot, KUKA, Santander, Squirrel AI Learning, Baidu, Generat Robots, KINOVA Robot, Ouster, Univ Pablo Olavide Sevilla, Rapyuta Robot, SICK, TOYOTA, UP, Amazon, ARGO, Built Robot, Disney Res, Easy Mile, Hitachi, Robot, Khalifa Univ, Magazino, MathWorks, New Dexterity, Schunk, nuTonomy, PILZ, Prophesee, Rootnik, Saga Robot, Shadow, Soft Bank Robot, Anyverse, GalTech, Generat Robot, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Sci Robot, AAAS, TERAS				This paper presents the design and validation of controlling hopping on the 3D bipedal robot Cassie. A spring-mass model is identified from the kinematics and compliance of the robot. The spring stiffness and damping are encapsulated by the leg length, thus actuating the leg length can create and control hopping behaviors. Trajectory optimization via direct collocation is performed on the spring-mass model to plan jumping and landing motions. The leg length trajectories are utilized as desired outputs to synthesize a control Lyapunov function based quadratic program (CLF-QP). Centroidal angular momentum, taking as an addition output in the CLF-QP, is also stabilized in the jumping phase to prevent whole body rotation in the underactuated flight phase. The solution to the CLF-QP is a nonlinear feedback control law that achieves dynamic jumping behaviors on bipedal robots with compliance. The framework presented in this paper is verified experimentally on the bipedal robot Cassie.	[Xiong, Xiaobin; Ames, Aaron D.] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Xiong, XB (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	xxiong@caltech.edu; ames@caltech.edu	Xiong, Xiaobin/AAK-2344-2020	Ames, Aaron/0000-0003-0848-3177	NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [NRI-1526519]	This work is supported by NSF grant NRI-1526519.		17	5	5	0	3	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-0858		978-1-5386-8094-0	IEEE INT C INT ROBOT			2018							3821	3828					8	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Robotics	Computer Science; Robotics	BM0LT	WOS:000458872703085		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Ghosh, S; Otsu, K; Ono, M	Kosecka, J	Maciejewski, AA; Okamura, A; Bicchi, A; Stachniss, C; Song, DZ; Lee, DH; Chaumette, F; Ding, H; Li, JS; Wen, J; Roberts, J; Masamune, K; Chong, NY; Amato, N; Tsagwarakis, N; Rocco, P; Asfour, T; Chung, WK; Yasuyoshi, Y; Sun, Y; Maciekeski, T; Althoefer, K; AndradeCetto, J; Chung, WK; Demircan, E; Dias, J; Fraisse, P; Gross, R; Harada, H; Hasegawa, Y; Hayashibe, M; Kiguchi, K; Kim, K; Kroeger, T; Li, Y; Ma, S; Mochiyama, H; Monje, CA; Rekleitis, I; Roberts, R; Stulp, F; Tsai, CHD; Zollo, L		Ghosh, Sourish; Otsu, Kyohei; Ono, Masahiro	Kosecka, J		Probabilistic Kinematic State Estimation for Motion Planning of Planetary Rovers	2018 IEEE/RSJ INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT ROBOTS AND SYSTEMS (IROS)	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	25th IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	OCT 01-05, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	IEEE Robot & Automat Soc, IEEE Ind Elect Soc, Robot Soc Japan, Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, New Technol Fdn, IEEE, Adept MobileRobots, Willow Garage, Aldebaran Robot, Natl Instruments, Reflexxes GmbH, Schunk Intec S L U, Univ Carlos III Madrid, BOSCH, JD COM, Pal Robot, KUKA, Santander, Squirrel AI Learning, Baidu, Generat Robots, KINOVA Robot, Ouster, Univ Pablo Olavide Sevilla, Rapyuta Robot, SICK, TOYOTA, UP, Amazon, ARGO, Built Robot, Disney Res, Easy Mile, Hitachi, Robot, Khalifa Univ, Magazino, MathWorks, New Dexterity, Schunk, nuTonomy, PILZ, Prophesee, Rootnik, Saga Robot, Shadow, Soft Bank Robot, Anyverse, GalTech, Generat Robot, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Sci Robot, AAAS, TERAS				Kinematics-based collision detection is important for robot motion planning in unstructured terrain. Especially, planetary rovers require such capability as a single collision may lead to the termination of a mission. For onboard computation, typical numeric approaches are unsuitable as they are computationally expensive and unstable on rocky terrain; instead, a light-weight analytic solution (ACE: Approximate Clearance Evaluation) is planning to be used for the Mars 2020 rover mission. ACE computes the state bounds of articulated suspension systems from terrain height bounds, and assess the safety by checking the constraint violation of states with the worst-case values. ACE's conservative safety check approach can sometimes lead to over-pessimism: feasible states are often reported as infeasible, thus resulting in frequent false positive detection. In this paper, we introduce a computationally efficient probabilistic variant of ACE (called p-ACE) which estimates the probability distributions of states in real time. The advantage of having probability distributions over states, instead of deterministic bounds, is to provide more flexible and less pessimistic worst-case evaluation with probabilistic safety guarantees. Empirically derived distribution models are used to compute the total probability of constraint satisfaction, which is then used for path assessment. Through experiments with a high-fidelity simulator, we empirically show that p-ACE relaxes the deterministic state bounds without losing safety guarantees.	[Ghosh, Sourish] Indian Inst Technol, Dept Math, Kharagpur 721302, W Bengal, India; [Otsu, Kyohei; Ono, Masahiro] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Ghosh, S (corresponding author), Indian Inst Technol, Dept Math, Kharagpur 721302, W Bengal, India.	sourishg@iitkgp.ac.in; Kyohei.Otsu@jpl.nasa.gov; Masahiro.Ono@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); U.S. Government	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. U.S. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		10	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-0858		978-1-5386-8094-0	IEEE INT C INT ROBOT			2018							5148	5154					7	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Robotics	Computer Science; Robotics	BM0LT	WOS:000458872704110					2020-09-09	
S	Daftry, S; Agrawal, Y; Matthies, L	Kosecka, J	Maciejewski, AA; Okamura, A; Bicchi, A; Stachniss, C; Song, DZ; Lee, DH; Chaumette, F; Ding, H; Li, JS; Wen, J; Roberts, J; Masamune, K; Chong, NY; Amato, N; Tsagwarakis, N; Rocco, P; Asfour, T; Chung, WK; Yasuyoshi, Y; Sun, Y; Maciekeski, T; Althoefer, K; AndradeCetto, J; Chung, WK; Demircan, E; Dias, J; Fraisse, P; Gross, R; Harada, H; Hasegawa, Y; Hayashibe, M; Kiguchi, K; Kim, K; Kroeger, T; Li, Y; Ma, S; Mochiyama, H; Monje, CA; Rekleitis, I; Roberts, R; Stulp, F; Tsai, CHD; Zollo, L		Daftry, Shreyansh; Agrawal, Yashasvi; Matthies, Larry	Kosecka, J		Online Self-supervised Long-range Scene Segmentation for MAVs	2018 IEEE/RSJ INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT ROBOTS AND SYSTEMS (IROS)	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	25th IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	OCT 01-05, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	IEEE Robot & Automat Soc, IEEE Ind Elect Soc, Robot Soc Japan, Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, New Technol Fdn, IEEE, Adept MobileRobots, Willow Garage, Aldebaran Robot, Natl Instruments, Reflexxes GmbH, Schunk Intec S L U, Univ Carlos III Madrid, BOSCH, JD COM, Pal Robot, KUKA, Santander, Squirrel AI Learning, Baidu, Generat Robots, KINOVA Robot, Ouster, Univ Pablo Olavide Sevilla, Rapyuta Robot, SICK, TOYOTA, UP, Amazon, ARGO, Built Robot, Disney Res, Easy Mile, Hitachi, Robot, Khalifa Univ, Magazino, MathWorks, New Dexterity, Schunk, nuTonomy, PILZ, Prophesee, Rootnik, Saga Robot, Shadow, Soft Bank Robot, Anyverse, GalTech, Generat Robot, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Sci Robot, AAAS, TERAS			TERRAIN CLASSIFICATION	Recently, there have been numerous advances in the development of payload and power constrained lightweight Micro Aerial Vehicles (MAVs). As these robots aspire for high-speed autonomous flights in complex dynamic environments, robust scene understanding at long-range becomes critical. The problem is heavily characterized by either the limitations imposed by sensor capabilities for geometry-based methods, or the need for large-amounts of manually annotated training data required by data-driven methods. This motivates the need to build systems that have the capability to alleviate these problems by exploiting the complimentary strengths of both geometry and data-driven methods. In this paper, we take a step in this direction and propose a generic framework for adaptive scene segmentation using self-supervised online learning. We present this in the context of vision-based autonomous MAV flight, and demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed system through extensive experiments on benchmark datasets and realworld field tests.	[Daftry, Shreyansh; Agrawal, Yashasvi; Matthies, Larry] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Daftry, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Shreyansh.Daftry@jpl.nasa.gov	Daftry, Shreyansh/AAI-1710-2019					29	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-0858		978-1-5386-8094-0	IEEE INT C INT ROBOT			2018							5194	5199					6	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Robotics	Computer Science; Robotics	BM0LT	WOS:000458872704117					2020-09-09	
S	Brommer, C; Malyuta, D; Henlzen, D; Brockers, R	Kosecka, J	Maciejewski, AA; Okamura, A; Bicchi, A; Stachniss, C; Song, DZ; Lee, DH; Chaumette, F; Ding, H; Li, JS; Wen, J; Roberts, J; Masamune, K; Chong, NY; Amato, N; Tsagwarakis, N; Rocco, P; Asfour, T; Chung, WK; Yasuyoshi, Y; Sun, Y; Maciekeski, T; Althoefer, K; AndradeCetto, J; Chung, WK; Demircan, E; Dias, J; Fraisse, P; Gross, R; Harada, H; Hasegawa, Y; Hayashibe, M; Kiguchi, K; Kim, K; Kroeger, T; Li, Y; Ma, S; Mochiyama, H; Monje, CA; Rekleitis, I; Roberts, R; Stulp, F; Tsai, CHD; Zollo, L		Brommer, Christian; Malyuta, Danylo; Henlzen, Daniel; Brockers, Roland	Kosecka, J		Long-Duration Autonomy for Small Rotorcraft UAS including Recharging	2018 IEEE/RSJ INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT ROBOTS AND SYSTEMS (IROS)	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems		English	Proceedings Paper	25th IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS)	OCT 01-05, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	IEEE Robot & Automat Soc, IEEE Ind Elect Soc, Robot Soc Japan, Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, New Technol Fdn, IEEE, Adept MobileRobots, Willow Garage, Aldebaran Robot, Natl Instruments, Reflexxes GmbH, Schunk Intec S L U, Univ Carlos III Madrid, BOSCH, JD COM, Pal Robot, KUKA, Santander, Squirrel AI Learning, Baidu, Generat Robots, KINOVA Robot, Ouster, Univ Pablo Olavide Sevilla, Rapyuta Robot, SICK, TOYOTA, UP, Amazon, ARGO, Built Robot, Disney Res, Easy Mile, Hitachi, Robot, Khalifa Univ, Magazino, MathWorks, New Dexterity, Schunk, nuTonomy, PILZ, Prophesee, Rootnik, Saga Robot, Shadow, Soft Bank Robot, Anyverse, GalTech, Generat Robot, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Sci Robot, AAAS, TERAS				Many unmanned aerial vehicle surveillance and monitoring applications require observations at precise locations over long periods of time, ideally days or weeks at a time (e.g. ecosystem monitoring), which has been impractical due to limited endurance and the requirement of humans in the loop for operation. To overcome these limitations, we propose a fully autonomous small rotorcraft UAS that is capable of performing repeated sorties for long-term observation missions without any human intervention. We address two key technologies that are critical for such a system: full platform autonomy including emergency response to enable mission execution independently from human operators, and the ability of vision-based precision landing on a recharging station for automated energy replenishment. Experimental results of up to 11 hours of fully autonomous operation in indoor and outdoor environments illustrate the capability of our system.	[Brommer, Christian] Alpen Adria Univ Klagenfurt, Control Networked Syst Grp, Klagenfurt, Austria; [Malyuta, Danylo] Univ Washington, Autonomous Controls Lab, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [Henlzen, Daniel; Brockers, Roland] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA	Brommer, C (corresponding author), Alpen Adria Univ Klagenfurt, Control Networked Syst Grp, Klagenfurt, Austria.	christian.brommer@ieee.org; danylo@uw.edu; daniel.r.hentzen@jpl.nasa.gov; brockers@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The authors would like to thank Stephan Weiss for his inputs on the state estimation approach.		29	4	4	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-0858		978-1-5386-8094-0	IEEE INT C INT ROBOT			2018							7252	7258					7	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Robotics	Computer Science; Robotics	BM0LT	WOS:000458872706093					2020-09-09	
B	Guo, LQ; Zhao, CH; Low, SH			IEEE	Guo, Linqi; Zhao, Changhong; Low, Steven H.			Cyber Network Design for Secondary Frequency Regulation: A Spectral Approach	2018 POWER SYSTEMS COMPUTATION CONFERENCE (PSCC)			English	Proceedings Paper	Power Systems Computation Conference (PSCC)	JUN 11-15, 2018	Dublin, IRELAND				LOAD; DYNAMICS	We present a preliminary theoretical framework based on spectral graph theory that captures how the cyber topology of a distributed secondary frequency control scheme impacts the stability, optimality, and transient performance of our power system as a cyber-physical network. We show that a collection of polynomials defined in terms of the cyber and physical Laplacian eigenvalues encode information on the interplay between cyber and physical networks. It is demonstrated that to understand the impact of adding cyber connectivity, one should separate the low-damping and high-damping regimes. Although adding cyber connectivity always improves the performance for high-damping systems, it is not the case for low-damping scenarios. Based on the theoretical study, we discuss how a good cyber network should be designed. Our empirical study shows that for practical systems, the number of communication channels that is needed to achieve near-optimal performance is usually less than twice the number of buses.	[Guo, Linqi; Low, Steven H.] CALTECH, Dept Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Zhao, Changhong] Natl Renewable Energy Lab, Golden, CO 80401 USA	Guo, LQ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	lguo@caltech.edu; Changhong.Zhao@nrel.gov; slow@caltech.edu	Low, Steven/AAV-7687-2020		Resnick Fellowship; Linde Institute Research Award; DOE through the ENERGISE program [DE-EE-0007998]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF 1637598, ECCS 1619352, CNS 1545096]; ARPA-E grant [DE-AR0000699]; GRID DATA, DTRA [HDTRA 1-15-1-0003]; Skoltech [1075-MRA]	The authors thank Professor Janusz Bialek from Skoltech for helpful discussions. This work has been supported by Resnick Fellowship, Linde Institute Research Award, DOE through the ENERGISE program (Award #DE-EE-0007998), NSF grants through CCF 1637598, ECCS 1619352, CNS 1545096, ARPA-E grant through award DE-AR0000699 (NODES) and GRID DATA, DTRA through grant HDTRA 1-15-1-0003 and Skoltech through collaboration agreement 1075-MRA.		28	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-9109-6310-4				2018													7	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BL1EA	WOS:000447282400120					2020-09-09	
B	Lee, ZJ; Chang, D; Jin, C; Lee, GS; Lee, R; Lee, T; Low, SH			IEEE	Lee, Zachary J.; Chang, Daniel; Jin, Cheng; Lee, George S.; Lee, Rand; Lee, Ted; Low, Steven H.			Large-Scale Adaptive Electric Vehicle Charging	2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON COMMUNICATIONS, CONTROL, AND COMPUTING TECHNOLOGIES FOR SMART GRIDS (SMARTGRIDCOMM)			English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE International Conference on Communications, Control, and Computing Technologies for Smart Grids (SmartGridComm)	OCT 29-31, 2018	Aalborg, DENMARK	IEEE				Large-scale charging infrastructure will play an important role in supporting the adoption of electric vehicles. In this paper, we address the prohibitively high capital cost of installing large numbers of charging stations within a parking facility by oversubscribing key pieces of electrical infrastructure. We describe a unique physical testbed for large-scale, high density EV charging research which we call the Adaptive Charging Network (ACN). We describe the architecture of the ACN including its hardware and software components. We also present a practical framework for online scheduling, which is based on model predictive control and convex optimization. Based on our experience with practical EV charging systems, we introduce constraints to the EV charging problem which have not been considered in the literature, such as those imposed by unbalanced three-phase infrastructure. We use simulations based on real data collected from the ACN to illustrate the trade-offs involved in selecting models for infrastructure constraints and accounting for non-ideal charging behavior.	[Lee, Zachary J.; Chang, Daniel; Lee, Rand; Low, Steven H.] CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Jin, Cheng; Lee, George S.; Lee, Ted; Low, Steven H.] PowerFlex Syst, Los Altos, CA USA	Lee, ZJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	zlee@caltech.edu; slow@caltech.edu	Low, Steven/AAV-7687-2020; Lee, Zachary/AAH-1222-2019	Lee, Zachary/0000-0002-5358-2388	National Science Foundation Graduate Research FellowshipNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1745301]; NSF AIR-TT [1602119]; NSF CTT [1637598]	This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship under Grant No. 1745301, NSF AIR-TT under Grant No. 1602119, and NSF CTT under Grant No. 1637598.		18	4	4	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-5386-7954-8				2018													7	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering; Telecommunications	BM0JE	WOS:000458801500067					2020-09-09	
S	Sideris, C; Khial, PP; Ling, B; Hajimiri, A			IEEE	Sideris, Constantine; Khial, Parham Porsandeh; Ling, Bill; Hajimiri, Ali			A 0.3ppm Dual-Resonance Transformer-Based Drift-Cancelling Reference-Free Magnetic Sensor for Biosensing Applications	2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONFERENCE - (ISSCC)	IEEE International Solid State Circuits Conference		English	Proceedings Paper	65th IEEE International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC)	FEB 11-15, 2018	San Francisco, CA	IEEE, IEEE Solid State Circuits Soc, Univ Pennsylvania					[Sideris, Constantine; Khial, Parham Porsandeh; Ling, Bill; Hajimiri, Ali] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Sideris, C (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.			Porsandeh Khial, Parham/0000-0002-3242-8541				6	2	2	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0193-6530		978-1-5090-4940-0	ISSCC DIG TECH PAP I			2018							190	+					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BM0UM	WOS:000459205600075					2020-09-09	
S	Abiri, B; Hajimiri, A			IEEE	Abiri, Behrooz; Hajimiri, Ali			A 69-to-79GHz CMOS Multiport PA/Radiator with+35.7dBm CW EIRP and Integrated PLL	2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONFERENCE - (ISSCC)	IEEE International Solid State Circuits Conference		English	Proceedings Paper	65th IEEE International Solid-State Circuits Conference (ISSCC)	FEB 11-15, 2018	San Francisco, CA	IEEE, IEEE Solid State Circuits Soc, Univ Pennsylvania					[Abiri, Behrooz; Hajimiri, Ali] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Abiri, B (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				Caltech Innovation Initiative (CI2) research grant	The authors would like to thank Dr. Florian Bohn for helpful discussions and Dr. Amirreza Safaripour for assistance in testing. This work was supported by Caltech Innovation Initiative (CI<SUP>2</SUP>) research grant.		9	6	6	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0193-6530		978-1-5090-4940-0	ISSCC DIG TECH PAP I			2018							404	+					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BM0UM	WOS:000459205600166					2020-09-09	
S	Adalier, M; Burleigh, S			IEEE	Adalier, Mehmet; Burleigh, Scott			Cross-domain Autonomous Communication Protocol for Delay Tolerant Networks	NAECON 2018 - IEEE NATIONAL AEROSPACE AND ELECTRONICS CONFERENCE	IEEE National Aerospace and Electronics Conference		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE National Aerospace and Electronics Conference (NAECON)	JUL 23-26, 2018	Dayton, OH	Universal Technol Corp, QUANSER, HARTMAAN Elect, ORION, OPAL RT Technol, IEEE Dayton Sect, Univ Dayton		autonomous communication; collaboration; cybersecurity; space situational awareness		For complex missions that are away from Earth's resources, there is an unmet need for more autonomous operations with minimal Earth contact. Dynamic, delay and disruption tolerant communications and networking topologies at various Quality of Service levels are needed to meet future mission requirements, which may include multiple spacecraft flying in formation and coordinating among themselves. Additionally, secure proximity-and autonomous-communication among various types of space vehicles are needed to share rich, near real-time streams of information. Along with scalability and extensibility, cybersecurity is a crucial requirement for autonomous communications in space. taraCoAP is based on the terrestrial standard Constrained Application Protocol (CoAP) and along with its Cyber-Physical Autonomous Asset Observation and Management extension provides delay and disruption tolerant, autonomous communication among swarms or clusters of spacecraft to implement complex and time-varying networks to coordinate, collaborate and share rich streams of information. Efficient and mission-configurable, taraCoAP runs over the Bundle Protocol, utilizing an advanced Bundle Protocol Security Cipher Suite for secure, interoperable, cross-domain communications.	[Adalier, Mehmet] Antara Tekn LLC, Space Syst, Granite Bay, CA 95746 USA; [Burleigh, Scott] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA	Adalier, M (corresponding author), Antara Tekn LLC, Space Syst, Granite Bay, CA 95746 USA.	madalier@antarateknik.com; scott.c.burleigh@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	Part of this research was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		17	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0547-3578		978-1-5386-6557-2	PROC NAECON IEEE NAT			2018							124	131					8	Engineering, Aerospace; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BM0GZ	WOS:000458759100020					2020-09-09	
S	Fung, A; Samoska, L; Kangaslahti, P; Lin, R; Mehdi, I; Sadowy, G; Tanelli, S; Esteban-Fernandez, D; Peralta, A; Soria, M; Brown, A; Gritters, D; O'Connor, S; Lardizabal, S			IEEE	Fung, A.; Samoska, L.; Kangaslahti, P.; Lin, R.; Mehdi, I.; Sadowy, G.; Tanelli, S.; Esteban-Fernandez, D.; Peralta, A.; Soria, M.; Brown, A.; Gritters, D.; O'Connor, S.; Lardizabal, S.			Gallium Nitride Amplifiers Beyond W-Band	2018 IEEE RADIO & WIRELESS SYMPOSIUM (RWS)	IEEE Radio and Wireless Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Radio and Wireless Symposium (RWS)	JAN 15-18, 2018	Anaheim, CA	IEEE, MTT S, Virginia Diodes Inc, Natl Instruments, Qorvo, Mitsubishi Elect, Maury Microwave, Innovat High Performance Microelect, CST, MOSIS, NPI Serv Inc, Marki Microwave, Adv Test Equipment Rentals		Gallium nitride; amplifier; monolithic microwave integrated circuits; F-band; G-band		We have developed gallium nitride (GaN) monolithic microwave integrated circuit (MMIC) amplifiers that span different frequency ranges from Q-band (33-50 GHz) into G-band (140-220 GHz). We have designed, fabricated and tested a broadband amplifier with more than 11 dB of gain from 38 GHz to at least 110 GHz, and a broadband amplifier with gain across all of F-band (90-140 GHz) with peak gain of 18.9 dB and noise figure of 7.4 dB at 120 GHz. In G-band we have developed an amplifier with 8.7 dB small-signal gain at 149 GHz, and when two such amplifiers were placed in series, large signal power measurements gave 18.2 dBm of output RF power and 10 dB gain at 147 GHz. These results demonstrate 0.15 mu m gate length GaN HEMTs are applicable for amplifiers through F-band and into G-band.	[Fung, A.; Samoska, L.; Kangaslahti, P.; Lin, R.; Mehdi, I.; Sadowy, G.; Tanelli, S.; Esteban-Fernandez, D.; Peralta, A.; Soria, M.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Brown, A.; Gritters, D.; O'Connor, S.; Lardizabal, S.] Raytheon Rancho Innovat, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91739 USA	Fung, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space Administration - Earth Science Technology Office Advanced Component Technologies program	This work was carried out in part at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration funded by the Earth Science Technology Office Advanced Component Technologies program, and JPL's Research and Technology Development program.		6	4	4	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2164-2958		978-1-5386-0710-7	IEEE RADIO WIRELESS			2018							150	153					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BL9WS	WOS:000458443000042					2020-09-09	
S	Xiong, XB; Ames, AD		Asfour, T		Xiong, Xiaobin; Ames, Aaron D.			Coupling Reduced Order Models via Feedback Control for 3D Underactuated Bipedal Robotic Walking	2018 IEEE-RAS 18TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON HUMANOID ROBOTS (HUMANOIDS)	IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots		English	Proceedings Paper	18th IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots (Humanoids)	NOV 06-09, 2018	Beijing Inst Technol, Beijing, PEOPLES R CHINA	IEEE RAS	Beijing Inst Technol		DYNAMICS	This paper presents a feedback control methodology for 3D dynamic underactuated bipedal walking, that couples an actuated spring-loaded-inverted-pendulum (aSLIP) for forward walking and the passive Linear Inverted Pendulum (LIP) for lateral balancing. The applications of the reduced order models are twofold. First, we utilize aSLIP optimization to design optimal leg length and angle trajectories, and use the LIP dynamics to find desired boundary condition for lateral roll. Second, we present two feedback stabilization laws which are based on the reduced order models and applied on the full robot to stabilize the sagittal walking and lateral balancing separately. The ultimate feedback controller on the full order 3D walking robot is implemented via control Lyapunov function based Quadratic Programs (CLF-QPs). In particular, the reduced order models are used to approximate the underactuated dynamics and plan desired trajectories that are tracked via CLF-QPs. The end result is 3D underactuated walking, demonstrated in simulation on the bipedal robot Cassie.	[Xiong, Xiaobin; Ames, Aaron D.] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Xiong, XB (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	xxiong@caltech.edu; ames@caltech.edu	Xiong, Xiaobin/AAK-2344-2020		NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [NRI-1526519]	This work is supported by NSF grant NRI-1526519.		23	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2164-0572		978-1-5386-7283-9	IEEE-RAS INT C HUMAN			2018							67	74					8	Robotics	Robotics	BM0EO	WOS:000458689700010					2020-09-09	
S	Gosyne, JR; Hubicki, CM; Xiong, XB; Ames, AD; Goldman, DI		Asfour, T		Gosyne, Jonathan R.; Hubicki, Christian M.; Xiong, Xiaobin; Ames, Aaron D.; Goldman, Daniel, I			Bipedal Locomotion Up Sandy Slopes: Systematic Experiments Using Zero Moment Point Methods	2018 IEEE-RAS 18TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON HUMANOID ROBOTS (HUMANOIDS)	IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots		English	Proceedings Paper	18th IEEE-RAS International Conference on Humanoid Robots (Humanoids)	NOV 06-09, 2018	Beijing Inst Technol, Beijing, PEOPLES R CHINA	IEEE RAS	Beijing Inst Technol		WALKING; PATTERN	Bipedal robotic locomotion in granular media presents a unique set of challenges at the intersection of granular physics and robotic locomotion. In this paper, we perform a systematic experimental study in which biped robotic gaits for traversing a sandy slope are empirically designed using Zero Moment Point (ZMP) methods. We are able to implement gaits that allow our 7 degree-of-freedom planar walking robot to ascend slopes with inclines up to 10 degrees. Firstly, we identify a given set of kinematic parameters that meet the ZMP stability criterion for uphill walking at a given angle. We then find that further relating the step lengths and center of mass heights to specific slope angles through an interpolated fit allows for significantly improved success rates when ascending a sandy slope. Our results provide increased insight into the design, sensitivity and robustness of gaits on granular material, and the kinematic changes necessary for stable locomotion on complex media.	[Gosyne, Jonathan R.] Georgia Inst Technol, Sch Mech Engn, Atlanta, GA 30332 USA; [Hubicki, Christian M.] Florida State Univ, Dept Mech Engn, Tallahassee, FL 32310 USA; [Xiong, Xiaobin; Ames, Aaron D.] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Ames, Aaron D.] Control & Dynam Syst, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Goldman, Daniel, I] Georgia Inst Technol, Sch Phys, Atlanta, GA 30332 USA	Gosyne, JR (corresponding author), Georgia Inst Technol, Sch Mech Engn, Atlanta, GA 30332 USA.	jonathan.gosyne@gatech.edu; hubicki@gatech.edu; xxiong@caltech.edu; ames@caltech.edu; daniel.goldman@physics.gatech.edu	Xiong, Xiaobin/AAK-2344-2020		NASA NRI Grant [RG053]; NSF AITF Grant [4106F91]; Army Grant [4106G16]	This work is supported by NASA NRI Grant RG053, NSF AITF Grant 4106F91 and Army Grant 4106G16		27	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2164-0572		978-1-5386-7283-9	IEEE-RAS INT C HUMAN			2018							994	1001					8	Robotics	Robotics	BM0EO	WOS:000458689700142					2020-09-09	
S	Guo, LQ; Zhao, CH; Low, SH			IEEE	Guo, Linqi; Zhao, Changhong; Low, Steven H.			Graph Laplacian Spectrum and Primary Frequency Regulation	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			POWER; DEMAND; STABILITY	We present a framework based on spectral graph theory that captures the interplay among network topology, system inertia, and generator and load damping in determining the overall grid behavior and performance. Specifically, we show that the impact of network topology on a power system can be quantified through the network Laplacian eigenvalues, and such eigenvalues determine the grid robustness against low frequency disturbances. Moreover, we can explicitly decompose the frequency signal along scaled Laplacian eigenvectors when damping-inertia ratios are uniform across buses. The insight revealed by this framework partially explains why load-side participation in frequency regulation not only makes the system respond faster, but also helps lower the system nadir after a disturbance. Finally, by presenting a new controller specifically tailored to suppress high frequency disturbances, we demonstrate that our results can provide useful guidelines in the controller design for load-side primary frequency regulation. This improved controller is simulated on the IEEE 39-bus New England interconnection system to illustrate its robustness against high frequency oscillations compared to both the conventional droop control and a recent controller design.	[Guo, Linqi; Low, Steven H.] CALTECH, Dept Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Zhao, Changhong] Natl Renewable Energy Lab, Golden, CO 80401 USA	Guo, LQ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	lguo@caltech.edu; Changhong.Zhao@nrel.gov; slow@caltech.edu	Low, Steven/AAV-7687-2020		Resnick Research Fellowship; Linde Institute Research Award; DOE through the ENERGISE program [DE-EE-0007998]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF 1637598, ECCS 1619352, CNS 1545096]; ARPA-E grant [DE-AR0000699]; ARPA-E grant through GRID DATA; DTRAUnited States Department of DefenseDefense Threat Reduction Agency [HDTRA 1-15-1-0003]; Skoltech [1075-MRA]	The authors thank Janusz Bialek and Oleg Khamisov from Skoltech for helpful discussions. This work has been supported by Resnick Research Fellowship, Linde Institute Research Award, DOE through the ENERGISE program (Award #DE-EE-0007998), NSF grants through CCF 1637598, ECCS 1619352, CNS 1545096, ARPA-E grant through award DE-AR0000699 (NODES) and GRID DATA, DTRA through grant HDTRA 1-15-1-0003 and Skoltech through collaboration agreement 1075-MRA.		31	5	5	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							158	165					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114800022		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Kostina, V; Peres, Y; Ranade, G; Sellke, M			IEEE	Kostina, Victoria; Peres, Yuval; Ranade, Gireeja; Sellke, Mark			Exact minimum number of bits to stabilize a linear system	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			CONSTRAINTS	We consider an unstable scalar linear stochastic system, Xn+1 = aX(n) + Z(n) - U-n, where a >= 1 is the system gain, Z(n)'s are independent random variables with bounded alpha-th moments, and U-n's are the control actions that are chosen by a controller who receives a single element of a finite set {1, ... , M} as its only information about system state X-i. We show that M = left perpendicular a right perpendicular + 1 is necessary and sufficient for beta-moment stability, for any beta < alpha. Our achievable scheme is a uniform quantizer of the zoom-in / zoom-out type. We analyze its performance using probabilistic arguments. We prove a matching converse using information-theoretic techniques. Our results generalize to vector systems, to systems with dependent Gaussian noise, and to the scenario in which a small fraction of transmitted messages is lost.	[Kostina, Victoria] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Peres, Yuval; Ranade, Gireeja] Microsoft Res, Redmond, WA USA; [Sellke, Mark] Univ Cambridge, Cambridge, England	Kostina, V (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	vkostina@caltech.edu; peres@microsoft.com; gireeja@eecs.berkeley.edu; msellke@gmail.com			National Science Foundation (NSF)National Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF-1751356]; Simons Institute for the Theory of Computing	This work was supported in part by the National Science Foundation (NSF) under Grant CCF-1751356, and by the Simons Institute for the Theory of Computing.		13	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							453	458					6	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114800064		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Nilsson, P; Ames, AD			IEEE	Nilsson, Petter; Ames, Aaron D.			Barrier Functions: Bridging the Gap between Planning from Specifications and Safety-Critical Control	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			SYMBOLIC MODELS; SYSTEMS; ABSTRACTIONS	Real-life control systems are hierarchies of interacting layers; often consisting of a planning layer, a trajectory generation layer, and a trajectory-following layer. Independently designing the layers without taking the interactions between layers into account makes it difficult to obtain safety guarantees when executing a high-level plan. In this paper we combine ideas from safety-critical control and high-level policy synthesis to develop a principled connection between a high-level planner in a low-dimensional space, and a low-level safety-critical controller acting in the full state space. We introduce a new type of simulation relation and show that barrier functions can be used to abstract a high-dimensional system via the relation. As a result, we obtain provably correct execution of high-level policies by low-level optimization-based controllers. The results are demonstrated with a quadrotor surveillance example.	[Nilsson, Petter; Ames, Aaron D.] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Nilsson, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	pettni@caltech.edu; ames@caltech.edu			NASA JPL President's and Director's Fund Program	This research was funded through the NASA JPL President's and Director's Fund Program.		32	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							765	772					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114800108					2020-09-09	
S	Olsman, N; Alonso, CA; Doyle, JC			IEEE	Olsman, Noah; Alonso, Carmen Amo; Doyle, John C.			Architecture and Trade-offs in the Heat Shock Response System	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier				Biological control systems often contain a wide variety of feedforward and feedback mechanisms that regulate a given process. While it is generally assumed that this apparent redundancy has evolved for a reason, it is often unclear how exactly the cell benefits from more complex circuit architectures. Here we study this problem in the context of a minimal model of the Heat Shock Response system in E. coli and show, through a combination of theory and simulation, that the complexity of the natural system outperforms hypothetical simpler architectures in a variety of robustness and efficiency tradeoffs. We have developed a significantly simplified model of the system that faithfully captures these rich issues. Because a great deal of biological detail is known about this particular system, we are able to compare simple models with more complete ones and obtain a level of theoretical and quantitative insight not generally feasible in the study of biological circuits. We primarily hope this will inform future analysis of both heat shock and newly studied biological complexity.	[Olsman, Noah; Alonso, Carmen Amo; Doyle, John C.] CALTECH, Dept Control & Dynam Syst, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Olsman, N (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Control & Dynam Syst, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	nolsman@caltech.edu; camoalon@caltech.edu; doyle@caltech.edu		Amo Alonso, Carmen/0000-0001-7593-5992	Defense Advanced Research Projects AgencyUnited States Department of DefenseDefense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) [HR0011-17-2-0008]; AFOSRUnited States Department of DefenseAir Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR)	The project or effort depicted was or is sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (Agreement HR0011-17-2-0008) and AFOSR. The content of the information does not necessarily reflect the position or the policy of the Government, and no official endorsement should be inferred.		7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							1096	1103					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114801010					2020-09-09	
S	Bjorne, E; Delaune, J; Johansen, TA			IEEE	Bjorne, Elias; Delaune, Jeff; Johansen, Tor Arne			Estimating vector magnitude from its direction and derivative, with application to bearing-only SLAM filter problem	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier		Nonlinear observer; skew-symmetric system; direction measurement; bearing; simultanous localization and mapping; ego-motion estimation	SIMULTANEOUS LOCALIZATION	For some problems, such as monocular visual odometry (VO), vector measurements are given with unknown magnitude. In VO, the magnitude can be found by recognizing features with known position, or with an extra sensor such as an altimeter. This article presents a nonlinear observer that uses the derivative of the vector as an additional measurement for estimating the magnitude of a vector. For the VO example, this means that the velocity can be estimated by fusing the normalized velocity vector with acceleration measurements. The observer exploits the fact that the dynamics of the normalized vector is dependent on the magnitude of the vector. The observer employs methods from nonlinear/adaptive estimation; filters the unit vector on the unit sphere, and retrieves the magnitude of the vector. The observer is shown to be uniformly semi-globally asymptotically (USGAS) stable and uniformly exponentially stable (UES) in a defined region. The observer is applied to the bearing-only SLAM filter problem as an example.	[Bjorne, Elias; Johansen, Tor Arne] Norwegian Univ Sci & Technol NTNU, Dept Engn Cybernet, NO-7491 Trondheim, Norway; [Bjorne, Elias; Johansen, Tor Arne] NTNU Ctr Autonomous Marine Operat & Syst, Trondheim, Norway; [Delaune, Jeff] CALTECH, Comp Vis Grp, Jet Prop Labratory, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Bjorne, E (corresponding author), Norwegian Univ Sci & Technol NTNU, Dept Engn Cybernet, NO-7491 Trondheim, Norway.	elias.bjorne@itk.ntnu.no; Jeff.H.Delaune@jpl.nasa.gov; tor.arne.johansen@itk.ntnu.no			Research Council of NorwayResearch Council of Norway [250725, 223254]	This work was supported by the Research Council of Norway through project number 250725 and project number 223254. Also thanks to Torleiv H. Bryne and Antonio Loria for helpful discussion on the proof.		21	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							1353	1360					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114801047					2020-09-09	
S	Moriarty, J; Vogrinc, J; Zocca, A			IEEE	Moriarty, John; Vogrinc, Jure; Zocca, Alessandro			Frequency violations from random disturbances: an MCMC approach	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			POWER; EUROPE; TOOLS	The frequency stability of power systems is increasingly challenged by various types of disturbance. In particular, the increasing penetration of renewable energy sources is increasing the variability of power generation while reducing system inertia against disturbances. In this paper we explore how this could give rise to rate of change of frequency (RoCoF) violations. Correlated and non-Gaussian power disturbances, such as may arise from renewable generation, have been shown to be significant in power system security analysis. We therefore introduce ghost sampling which, given any unconditional distribution of disturbances, efficiently produces samples conditional on a violation occurring. Our goal is to address questions such as "which generator is most likely to be disconnected due to a RoCoF violation?" or "what is the probability of having simultaneous RoCoF violations, given that a violation occurs?"	[Moriarty, John; Vogrinc, Jure] Queen Mary Univ London, Sch Math, London E1 4NS, England; [Zocca, Alessandro] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Moriarty, J (corresponding author), Queen Mary Univ London, Sch Math, London E1 4NS, England.	j.moriarty@qmul.ac.uk; j.vogrinc@qmul.ac.uk; azocca@caltech.edu	Zocca, Alessandro/C-3415-2015	Zocca, Alessandro/0000-0001-6585-4785	EPSRCEngineering & Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) [EP/P002625/1]; NWO Rubicon grant [680.50.1529]	JM and JV were supported by EPSRC grant EP/P002625/1. AZ is supported by NWO Rubicon grant 680.50.1529. The authors thank L. Guo, J. Bialek, and S.H. Low for helpful discussions on the model.		29	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							1598	1603					6	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114801082		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Halter, W; Allgower, F; Murray, RM; Gyorgy, A			IEEE	Halter, Wolfgang; Allgoewer, Frank; Murray, Richard M.; Gyorgy, Andras			Optimal Experiment Design and Leveraging Competition for Shared Resources in Cell-Free Extracts	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			GENE-EXPRESSION; IDENTIFIABILITY; MODELS; SERIES	The fact that genes compete for shared cellular resources poses a fundamental challenge when identifying parameters of genetic parts. A recently developed model of gene expression tackles this problem by explicitly accounting for resource competition. In addition to accurately describing experimental data, this model only depends on a small number of easily identifiable parameters with clear physical interpretation. Based on this model, we outline a procedure to select the optimal set of experiments to characterize biomolecular parts in synthetic biology. Additionally, we reveal the role competition for shared resources plays, provide guidelines how to minimize its detrimental effects, and how to leverage this phenomenon to extract the most information about unknown parameters. To illustrate the results, we consider the case of part characterization in cell-free extracts, treat plasmid DNA concentrations as decision variables, and demonstrate the significant performance difference between naive and optimal experiment design.	[Halter, Wolfgang; Allgoewer, Frank] Univ Stuttgart, Inst Syst Theory & Automat Control, D-70569 Stuttgart, Germany; [Murray, Richard M.] CALTECH, Dept Control & Dynam Syst, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Gyorgy, Andras] New York Univ Abu Dhabi, Dept Elect & Comp Engn, Saadiyat Isl, U Arab Emirates	Halter, W (corresponding author), Univ Stuttgart, Inst Syst Theory & Automat Control, D-70569 Stuttgart, Germany.	halter@ist.uni-stuttgart.de; murray@cds.caltech.edu; ag6378@nyu.edu	Allgower, Frank/F-3909-2011	Allgower, Frank/0000-0002-3702-3658				34	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							1872	1879					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114801119		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Ornik, M; Fu, J; Lauffer, NT; Perera, WK; Alshiekh, M; Ono, M; Topcu, U			IEEE	Ornik, Melkior; Fu, Jie; Lauffer, Niklas T.; Perera, W. K.; Alshiekh, Mohammed; Ono, Masahiro; Topcu, Ufuk			Expedited Learning in MDPs with Side Information	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier				Standard methods for synthesis of control policies in Markov decision processes with unknown transition probabilities largely rely on a combination of exploration and exploitation. While these methods often offer theoretical guarantees on system performance, the number of time steps and samples needed to initially explore the environment before synthesizing a well-performing control policy is impractically large. This paper partially alleviates such a burden by incorporating a priori existing knowledge into learning, when such knowledge is available. Based on prior information about bounds on the differences between the transition probabilities at different states, we propose a learning approach where the transition probabilities at a given state are not only learned from outcomes of repeatedly performing a certain action at that state, but also from outcomes of performing actions at states that are known to have similar transition probabilities. Since the directly obtained information is more reliable at determining transition probabilities than second-hand information, i.e., information obtained from similar but potentially slightly different states, samples obtained indirectly are weighted with respect to the known bounds on the differences of transition probabilities. While the proposed strategy can naturally lead to errors in learned transition probabilities, we show that, by proper choice of the weights, such errors can be reduced, and the number of steps needed to form a near-optimal control policy in the Bayesian sense can be significantly decreased.	[Ornik, Melkior; Lauffer, Niklas T.; Alshiekh, Mohammed; Topcu, Ufuk] Univ Texas Austin, Inst Computat Engn & Sci, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Fu, Jie] Worcester Polytech Inst, Elect & Comp Engn Dept, Worcester, MA 01609 USA; [Perera, W. K.; Topcu, Ufuk] Univ Texas Austin, Dept Aerosp Engn & Engn Mech, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Ono, Masahiro] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ornik, M (corresponding author), Univ Texas Austin, Inst Computat Engn & Sci, Austin, TX 78712 USA.	mornik@ices.utexas.edu; jfu2@wpi.edu; nlauffer@utexas.edu; kasun8191@utexas.edu; malshiekh@utexas.edu; ono@jpl.nasa.gov; utopcu@utexas.edu			National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1646522, 1728412]; Office of Naval ResearchOffice of Naval Research [N000141712623]; Army Research Office [W911NF-15-1-0592]; Defense Advanced Research Projects AgencyUnited States Department of DefenseDefense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) [W911NF-16-1-0001]	This work was partly funded by awards 1646522 and 1728412 from the National Science Foundation, N000141712623 from the Office of Naval Research, W911NF-15-1-0592 from the Army Research Office, and W911NF-16-1-0001 from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.		18	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							1941	1948					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114801129					2020-09-09	
S	Ren, XY; Murray, RM			IEEE	Ren, Xinying; Murray, Richard M.			Role of interaction network topology in controlling microbial population in consortia	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			BACTERIA	Engineering microbial consortia is an important new frontier for synthetic biology given its efficiency in performing complex tasks and endurance to environmental uncertainty. Most synthetic circuits regulate populational behaviors via cell-to-cell interactions, which are affected by spatially heterogeneous environments. Therefore, it is important to understand the limits on controlling system dynamics and provide a control strategy for engineering consortia under spatial structures. Here, we build a network model for a fractional population control circuit in two-strain consortia, and characterize the cell-to-cell interaction network by topological properties, such as symmetry, locality and connectivity. Using linear network control theory, we relate the network topology to system output's tracking performance. We analytically and numerically demonstrate that the minimum network control cost for good tracking depends on locality difference between two cell population's spatial distributions and how strongly the controller node contributes to interaction strength. To realize a robust consortia, we can manipulate the environment to form a strongly connected network. Our results ground the expected cell population dynamics in its spatially organized interaction network, and inspire directions in cooperative control in microbial consortia.	[Ren, Xinying; Murray, Richard M.] CALTECH, Dept Control & Dynam Syst, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ren, XY (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Control & Dynam Syst, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	xrren@caltech.edu			Air Force Office of Scientific ResearchUnited States Department of DefenseAir Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR) [FA9550-14-1-0060]; Defense Advanced Research Projects AgencyUnited States Department of DefenseDefense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) [HR0011-17-2-0008]	The authors would like to thank Fangzhou Xiao and Leo Green for their insightful discussion. The authors X. R is partially supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, grant number FA9550-14-1-0060. The project depicted is also sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (Agreement HR0011-17-2-0008). The content of the information does not necessarily reflect the position or the policy of the Government, and no official endorsement should be inferred.		18	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							2691	2697					7	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114802086		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Zhao, MH; Alimo, SR; Bewley, TR			IEEE	Zhao, Muhan; Alimo, Shahrouz Ryan; Bewley, Thomas R.			An active subspace method for accelerating convergence in Delaunay-based optimization via dimension reduction	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			GLOBAL OPTIMIZATION	Delaunay-based derivative-free optimization (Delta-DOGS) is an efficient and provably-convergent global optimization algorithm for problems with computationally-expensive function evaluations, including cases for which analytical expressions for the objective function may not be available. Delta-DOGS belongs to the family of response surface methods (RSMs), and suffers from the typical "curse of dimensionality", with the computational cost increasing quickly as the number of design parameters increases. As a result, the number of design parameters n in Delta-DOGS is typically limited to n less than or similar to 10. To improve performance for higher-dimensional problems, this paper proposes a combination of derivative-free optimization, seeking the global minimizer of a successively-refined surrogate model of the objective function, and an active subspace method, detecting and exploring preferentially the directions of most variability of the objective function. The contribution of other directions to the objective function is bounded by a small constant. This new algorithm iteratively applies Delta-DOGS to seek the minimizer on the d-dimensional active subspace that has most function variation. Inverse mapping is used to project data from the active subspace back to full-model for evaluating function values. This task is accomplished by solving a related inequality constrained problem. Test results indicate that the resulting strategy is highly effective on a handful of model optimization problems.	[Zhao, Muhan; Bewley, Thomas R.] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept MAE, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Zhao, MH (corresponding author), Univ Calif San Diego, Dept MAE, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA.	muz021@ucsd.edu; sralimo@jpl.nasa.gov; bewley@ucsd.edu			AFOSRUnited States Department of DefenseAir Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR) [FA 9550-12-1-0046]; Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under National Aeronautics and Space Administration	We thank Pooriya Beyhaghi and Clark Briggs for their critical insights, and AFOSR FA 9550-12-1-0046 and Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in support of this work.		18	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							2765	2770					6	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114802098					2020-09-09	
S	Tang, YJ; Dall'Anese, E; Bernstein, A; Low, SH			IEEE	Tang, Yujie; Dall'Anese, Emiliano; Bernstein, Andrey; Low, Steven H.			A Feedback-Based Regularized Primal-Dual Gradient Method for Time-Varying Nonconvex Optimization	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier				This paper considers time-varying nonconvex optimization problems, utilized to model optimal operational trajectories of systems governed by possibly nonlinear physical or logical models. Algorithms for tracking a Karush-KuhnTucker point are synthesized, based on a regularized primaldual gradient method. In particular, the paper proposes a feedback-based primal-dual gradient algorithm, where analytical models for system state or constraints are replaced with actual measurements. When cost and constraint functions are twice continuously differentiable, conditions for the proposed algorithms to have bounded tracking error are derived, and a discussion of their practical implications is provided. Illustrative numerical simulations are presented for an application in power systems.	[Tang, Yujie; Low, Steven H.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Dall'Anese, Emiliano] Univ Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Bernstein, Andrey] Natl Renewable Energy Lab, Golden, CO USA	Tang, YJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Low, Steven/AAV-7687-2020		Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E) under the Network Optimized Distributed Energy Systems (NODES) programUnited States Department of Energy (DOE)	This work was supported by the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E) under the Network Optimized Distributed Energy Systems (NODES) program.		32	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							3244	3250					7	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114803009		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Gurriet, T; Mote, M; Ames, AD; Feron, E			IEEE	Gurriet, Thomas; Mote, Mark; Ames, Aaron D.; Feron, Eric			An Online Approach to Active Set Invariance	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier				This paper presents an online approach to safety critical control. The common approach for enforcing safety of a system requires the offline computation of a viable set, which is either hard and time consuming or very restrictive in terms of operational freedom for the system. The first part of this work shows how one can constrain a system to stay within reach of an appropriately chosen backup set in a minimally invasive way by performing online sensitivity analysis around a backup trajectory. For linear systems, we show how to use an optimal backup strategy in the form of a Model Predictive Controller (MPC) to maximize the operational freedom of the system. The second part of this work shows how to leverage this capability and factor in state constraints to enforce set invariance only based on online computations of sensitivities. For linear systems, the optimal strategy is again considered and we show how one can perform the sensitivity analysis based on a measure of feasibility of a state constrained MPC. This approach is illustrated in simulation on a linear inverted pendulum.	[Gurriet, Thomas; Ames, Aaron D.] CALTECH, Dept Mech Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Mote, Mark; Feron, Eric] Georgia Inst Technol, Dept Aerosp Engn, Atlanta, GA 30332 USA	Gurriet, T (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1724464, 1724457, 1446758, 1555332]	This work is supported by NSF awards #1724464, #1724457, #1446758 and #1555332.		20	7	7	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							3592	3599					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114803059					2020-09-09	
S	Ge, JI; Murray, RM			IEEE	Ge, Jin I.; Murray, Richard M.			Voluntary lane-change policy synthesis with control improvisation	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			MODEL	In this paper, we use control improvisation to synthesize voluntary lane-change policy that meets human preferences under given traffic environments. We first train Markov models to describe traffic patterns and the motion of vehicles responding to such patterns using traffic data. The trained parameters are calibrated using control improvisation to ensure the traffic scenario assumptions are satisfied. Based on the traffic pattern, vehicle response models, and Bayesian switching rules, the lane-change environment for an automated vehicle is modeled as a Markov decision process. Based on human lane-change behaviors, we train a voluntary lane-change policy using explicit-duration Markov decision process. Parameters in the lane-change policy are calibrated through control improvisation to allow an automated car to pursue faster speed while maintaining desired frequency of lane-change maneuvers in various traffic environments.	[Ge, Jin I.; Murray, Richard M.] CALTECH, Dept Computat & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ge, JI (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Computat & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	jge@caltech.edu; murray@cds.caltech.edu			NSF CPS Frontier [1545126]	The authors would like to thank the support from NSF CPS Frontier project 1545126, and thank the insightful discussions with Prof. Sanjit Seshia and Prof. Gabor Orosz.		18	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							3640	3647					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114803066					2020-09-09	
S	Xiao, FZ; Doyle, JC			IEEE	Xiao, Fangzhou; Doyle, John C.			Robust Perfect Adaptation in Biomolecular Reaction Networks	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			LIMITS	For control in biomolecular systems, the most basic objective of maintaining a small error in a target variable, say the expression level of some protein, is often difficult due to the presence of both large uncertainty of every type and intrinsic limitations on the controller's implementation. This paper explores the limits of biochemically plausible controller design for the problem of robust perfect adaptation (RPA), biologists' term for robust steady state tracking. It is well-known that for a large class of nonlinear systems, a system has RPA iff it has integral feedback control (IFC), which has been used extensively in real control systems to achieve RPA. However, we show that due to intrinsic physical limitations on the dynamics of chemical reaction networks (CRNs), cells cannot implement IFC directly in the concentration of a chemical species. This contrasts with electronic implementations, particularly digital, where it is trivial to implement IFC directly in a single state. Therefore, biomolecular systems have to achieve RPA by encoding the integral control variable into the network architecture of a CRN. We describe a general framework to implement RPA in CRNs and show that well-known network motifs that achieve RPA, such as (negative) integral feedback (IFB) and incoherent feedforward (IFF), are examples of such implementations. We also develop methods to designing integral feedback variables for unknown plants. This standard control notion is surprisingly nontrivial and relatively unstudied in biomolecular control. The methods developed here connect different existing fields and approaches on the problem of biomolecular control, and hold promise for systematic chemical reaction controller synthesis as well as analysis.	[Xiao, Fangzhou] CALTECH, Dept Biol & Biol Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Doyle, John C.] CALTECH, Dept Control & Dynam Syst, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Xiao, FZ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Biol & Biol Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	xfz@caltech.edu; doyle@caltech.edu			Defense Advanced Research Projects AgencyUnited States Department of DefenseDefense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) [HR0011-16-2-0049]	The authors would like to thank Wenlong Ma and Cindy Ren for discussion and William Poole and Noah Olsman for providing feedback on the manuscript. The project was sponsored by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (Agreement HR0011-16-2-0049). The content of the information does not necessarily reflect the position or the policy of the Government, and no official endorsement should be inferred.		32	4	4	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							4345	4352					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114804006		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Anderson, J; Murray, R			IEEE	Anderson, James; Murray, Riley			Structured Feedback Optimization for Metzler Dynamics	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier				We propose a method to compute convergent lower bounds for the state-feedback controller design problem inf(F){L(F) : A + BF is Metzler & stable} where L is a convex loss function of F. The theory behind the approach is simple: relying only on an extension of Perron-Frobenius to Metzler matrices, and popular discrete optimization techniques. The method itself has two tuning parameters (which enable faster recovery of solutions, with possible introduction of optimality gaps) and is practical for systems with a non-trivial state dimension. A convergence result with respect to the optimal solution is derived, and a direct heuristic algorithm based on linear programming is given. We explain how projecting A onto the set of stable Metzler matrices is essentially the hardest of these problems, and focus our numerical examples on precisely this case.	[Anderson, James; Murray, Riley] CALTECH, Dept Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Anderson, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	james@caltech.edu; rmurray@caltech.edu			NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AitF-1637598, CPS-154471, CCF 1637598, ECCS 1619352]; DTRAUnited States Department of DefenseDefense Threat Reduction Agency [HDTRA 1-15-1-003]	JA is supported by NSF grants CCF 1637598 and ECCS 1619352 and DTRA grant HDTRA 1-15-1-003. RM is supported by funding from grants NSF AitF-1637598 and CPS-154471.		35	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							4417	4424					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114804016					2020-09-09	
S	Shi, XC; Kim, K; Rahili, S; Chung, SJ			IEEE	Shi, Xichen; Kim, Kyunam; Rahili, Salar; Chung, Soon-Jo			Nonlinear Control of Autonomous Flying Cars with Wings and Distributed Electric Propulsion	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			INVERSION FLIGHT CONTROL; TRACKING CONTROL; CONTROL-SYSTEM	Hybrid vertical take-off and landing vehicles (VTOL) with lift production from wings and distributed propulsive system present unique control challenges. Existing methods tend to stitch and switch different controllers specially designed for fixed-wing aircraft or multicopters. In this paper, we present a unified framework for designing controllers for such winged VTOL vehicles that are commonly found in recent flying car models. The proposed method is broken down into nonlinear control of both position and attitude with forces and moments as inputs, and real-time control allocation that integrates distributed propulsive actuation with conventional control surface deflection. We also present a strategy that avoids saturation of distributed propulsion control inputs. The effectiveness of the proposed framework is demonstrated through simulation and closed-loop flight experiment with our winged VTOL flying car prototype.	[Shi, Xichen; Kim, Kyunam; Rahili, Salar; Chung, Soon-Jo] CALTECH, Dept Aerosp GALCIT, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Shi, XC (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Aerosp GALCIT, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	xshi@caltech.edu; knkim@caltech.edu; srahili@caltech.edu; sjchung@caltech.edu						36	1	1	1	8	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							5326	5333					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114804144		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Guo, LQ; Liang, C; Zocca, A; Low, SH; Wierman, A			IEEE	Guo, Linqi; Liang, Chen; Zocca, Alessandro; Low, Steven H.; Wierman, Adam			Failure Localization in Power Systems via Tree Partitions	2018 IEEE CONFERENCE ON DECISION AND CONTROL (CDC)	IEEE Conference on Decision and Control		English	Proceedings Paper	57th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC)	DEC 17-19, 2018	Miami Beach, FL	IEEE, Mitsubishi Elect Res Labs, United Technologies Res Ctr, MathWorks, IEEE Control Syst Soc, Soc Ind & Appl Math, Inst Operat Res & Management Sci, Japanese Soc Instrument & Control Engineers, European Control Assoc, Skydio, IEEE CAA Journal Automatica Sinica, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Princeton Univ Press, Elsevier			MODEL; DYNAMICS; FLOW	Cascading failures in power systems propagate non-locally, making the control and mitigation of outages extremely hard. In this work, we use the emerging concept of the tree partition of transmission networks to provide an analytical characterization of line failure localizability in transmission systems. Our results rigorously establish the well perceived intuition in power community that failures cannot cross bridges, and reveal a finer-grained concept that encodes more precise information on failure propagations within tree-partition regions. Specifically, when a non-bridge line is tripped, the impact of this failure only propagates within well-defined components, which we refer to as cells, of the tree partition defined by the bridges. In contrast, when a bridge line is tripped, the impact of this failure propagates globally across the network, affecting the power flow on all remaining transmission lines. This characterization suggests that it is possible to improve the system robustness by temporarily switching off certain transmission lines, so as to create more, smaller components in the tree partition; thus spatially localizing line failures and making the grid less vulnerable to large-scale outages. We illustrate this approach using the IEEE 118-bus test system and demonstrate that switching off a negligible portion of transmission lines allows the impact of line failures to be significantly more localized without substantial changes in line congestion.	[Guo, Linqi; Liang, Chen; Zocca, Alessandro; Low, Steven H.; Wierman, Adam] CALTECH, Dept Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Guo, LQ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	lguo@caltech.edu; cliang2@caltech.edu; azocca@caltech.edu; slow@caltech.edu; adamw@caltech.edu	Low, Steven/AAV-7687-2020; Zocca, Alessandro/C-3415-2015	Zocca, Alessandro/0000-0001-6585-4785	Resnick Fellowship; Linde Institute Research Award; NWO Rubicon grant [680.50.1529]; NSF grant through PFI:AIR-TT award [1602119, EPCN 1619352, CNS 1545096, CCF 1637598, ECCS 1619352, CNS 1518941, CPS 154471, AitF 1637598]; ARPA-E grant [DE-AR0000699]; GRID DATA; DTRAUnited States Department of DefenseDefense Threat Reduction Agency [HDTRA 1-15-1-0003]; Skoltech [1075-MRA]	This work has been supported by Resnick Fellowship, Linde Institute Research Award, NWO Rubicon grant 680.50.1529., NSF grants through PFI:AIR-TT award 1602119, EPCN 1619352, CNS 1545096, CCF 1637598, ECCS 1619352, CNS 1518941, CPS 154471, AitF 1637598, ARPA-E grant through award DE-AR0000699 (NODES) and GRID DATA, DTRA through grant HDTRA 1-15-1-0003 and Skoltech through collaboration agreement 1075-MRA.		35	4	4	1	4	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0743-1546		978-1-5386-1395-5	IEEE DECIS CONTR P			2018							6832	6839					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL9QO	WOS:000458114806047		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Okamoto, M; Perona, P; Khiat, A			IEEE	Okamoto, Masaki; Perona, Pietro; Khiat, Abdelaziz			DDT: Deep Driving Tree for Proactive Planning in Interactive Scenarios	2018 21ST INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS (ITSC)	IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems-ITSC		English	Proceedings Paper	21st IEEE International Conference on Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITSC)	NOV 04-07, 2018	Maui, HI	IEEE, IEEE Intelligent Transportat Syst Soc		Autonomous driving; intent estimation; machine learning; decision making		We consider long-term planning problems for autonomous vehicles in complex traffic scenarios where vehicles and pedestrians interact. The decisions of an autonomous vehicle can influence surrounding other participants in these scenarios. Therefore, planning algorithms that preprocess the long-term prediction of other participants restrict freedom in action. In this paper, we process both problems of long-term planning and prediction at the same time. Our approach which we call DDT (Deep Driving Tree) is based on game tree accumulating a short-term prediction. Machine learning techniques are applied to this short-term prediction instead of model-based techniques that depends on domain knowledge. In contrast to Q-learning, this prediction part is trained off-line and does not require feedback from collision data. Our approach using a game tree models multiple future states of other participants to decide a proactive action taking uncertainties of their intentions into consideration. This approach is demonstrated in a left turning scenario at an intersection of left-hand traffic with oncoming vehicles without V2V communication.	[Okamoto, Masaki; Perona, Pietro] CALTECH, Computat Vis Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Khiat, Abdelaziz] Nissan Motor Co Ltd, Mobil Serv Lab, Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan	Okamoto, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Computat Vis Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	okamoto@caltech.edu; perona@caltech.edu; khiat@mail.nissan.co.jp						19	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-0009		978-1-7281-0323-5	IEEE INT C INTELL TR			2018							656	661					6	Automation & Control Systems; Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Transportation Science & Technology	Automation & Control Systems; Computer Science; Engineering; Transportation	BL9OB	WOS:000457881300098					2020-09-09	
B	Mehdi, I; Siles, J; Chen, CP; Jornet, JM			IEEE	Mehdi, Imran; Siles, Jose; Chen, Christine P.; Jornet, Josep M.			THz Technology for Space Communications	2018 ASIA-PACIFIC MICROWAVE CONFERENCE PROCEEDINGS (APMC)	Asia Pacific Microwave Conference-Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	Asia-Pacific Microwave Conference (APMC)	NOV 06-09, 2018	Kyoto, JAPAN	Inst Elect Informat & Commun Engineers Japan, IEEE MTT S, IEEE AP S, European Microwave Assoc, URSI, IEEE MTT S Japan Kansai Nagoya Chapters, IEEE AP S Kansai Joint Chapter, IEICE Tech Comm Microwaves, IEICE Tech Comm Electron Simulat Technol, IEICE Tech Comm Microwave Photon, IEICE Tech Comm Integrated Circuits & Devices, IEICE Tech Comm Electron Devices, IEICE Tech Comm Antennas & Propagat, IEICE Tech Comm Wireless Power Transfer, IEICE Tech Comm Short Range Wireless Commun, IEICE Tech Comm Intelligent Transport Syst Technol, IEICE Tech Grp Terahertz Applicat Syst, Japan Inst Elect Packaging, Japan Soc Electromagnet Wave Energy Applicat, Radiation Sci Soc Japan, IEEJ Investigating R & D Comm Adv Technol Progress Electromagnet Wave Applicat, IEEJ Investigating R & D Comm Highly Secure Reliable Wireless Networks, Japan Soc Promot Sci, 188th Comm Electromagnet Field Excited React Fields		THz technology; Schottky diodes; THz communications	SUBMILLIMETER-WAVE	As space instruments become ubiquitous along with advancing capabilities, one of the central challenge is to provide more efficient communication links, between the control center and the instrument or between a cluster of satellites or instruments. Similarly, high-data rate communications between a mother ship and a lander is highly desirable not only for navigation but for science data as well. THz communications systems present a number of advantages in implementing efficient data-links between various scenarios for space applications. This review article will discuss some of the recent advances in solid-state coherent sources that has now made it possible to design and implement THz communication systems specifically for space applications. An example architecture at 240 GHz has been suggested as it is now possible to achieve >100 mW of output power at 240 GHz. With highly sensitive and linear heterodyne mixers, such a system could potentially provide higher data rate capability than in use today.	[Mehdi, Imran; Siles, Jose; Chen, Christine P.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Jornet, Josep M.] Univ Buffalo SUNY, 222 Davis Hall, Buffalo, NY 14260 USA	Mehdi, I (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	imran.mehdi@jpl.nasa.gov; jmjornet@buffalo.edu	Jornet, Josep Miquel/B-3174-2013	Jornet, Josep Miquel/0000-0001-6351-1754	Air Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR)United States Department of DefenseAir Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR) [FA9550-16-1-0188]	This work was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, CA, under a contract with National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). 2018 California Institute of Technology. Government sponsorship acknowledged. Dr. Jornet acknowledges the support of the Air Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR) under Grant FA9550-16-1-0188.		19	2	2	2	4	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-4-9023-3945-1	ASIA PACIF MICROWAVE			2018							76	78					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BL9JW	WOS:000457599800026					2020-09-09	
B	Mehdi, I; Siles, J; Lee, C; Lin, R			IEEE	Mehdi, Imran; Siles, Jose; Lee, Choonsup; Lin, Robert			Compact 1.9 THz Multi-Pixel Local Oscillator Chain	2018 ASIA-PACIFIC MICROWAVE CONFERENCE PROCEEDINGS (APMC)	Asia Pacific Microwave Conference-Proceedings		English	Proceedings Paper	Asia-Pacific Microwave Conference (APMC)	NOV 06-09, 2018	Kyoto, JAPAN	Inst Elect Informat & Commun Engineers Japan, IEEE MTT S, IEEE AP S, European Microwave Assoc, URSI, IEEE MTT S Japan Kansai Nagoya Chapters, IEEE AP S Kansai Joint Chapter, IEICE Tech Comm Microwaves, IEICE Tech Comm Electron Simulat Technol, IEICE Tech Comm Microwave Photon, IEICE Tech Comm Integrated Circuits & Devices, IEICE Tech Comm Electron Devices, IEICE Tech Comm Antennas & Propagat, IEICE Tech Comm Wireless Power Transfer, IEICE Tech Comm Short Range Wireless Commun, IEICE Tech Comm Intelligent Transport Syst Technol, IEICE Tech Grp Terahertz Applicat Syst, Japan Inst Elect Packaging, Japan Soc Electromagnet Wave Energy Applicat, Radiation Sci Soc Japan, IEEJ Investigating R & D Comm Adv Technol Progress Electromagnet Wave Applicat, IEEJ Investigating R & D Comm Highly Secure Reliable Wireless Networks, Japan Soc Promot Sci, 188th Comm Electromagnet Field Excited React Fields		THz multipliers; frequency multipliers; LO technology; multi-pixel receivers		Single-pixel heterodyne receivers are severely limited in their capability to map large areas on the sky. We report on the development of THz multi-pixel local oscillator sources that ought to enable THz array receivers of the future. We demonstrate a prototype 16-pixel chain at 1.9 THz. Output power in excess of >10 microwatts has been demonstrated per pixel from this compact chain.	[Mehdi, Imran; Siles, Jose; Lee, Choonsup; Lin, Robert] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Mehdi, I (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	imran.mehdi@jpl.nasa.gov						10	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-4-9023-3945-1	ASIA PACIF MICROWAVE			2018							467	469					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BL9JW	WOS:000457599800154					2020-09-09	
S	Van Horn, G; Branson, S; Loarie, S; Belongie, S; Perona, P			IEEE	Van Horn, Grant; Branson, Steve; Loarie, Scott; Belongie, Serge; Perona, Pietro			Lean Multiclass Crowdsourcing	2018 IEEE/CVF CONFERENCE ON COMPUTER VISION AND PATTERN RECOGNITION (CVPR)	IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition		English	Proceedings Paper	31st IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)	JUN 18-23, 2018	Salt Lake City, UT	IEEE, CVF, IEEE Comp Soc				We introduce a method for efficiently crowdsourcing multiclass annotations in challenging, real world image datasets. Our method is designed to minimize the number of human annotations that are necessary to achieve a desired level of confidence on class labels. It is based on combining models of worker behavior with computer vision. Our method is general: it can handle a large number of classes, worker labels that come from a taxonomy rather than a flat list, and can model the dependence of labels when workers can see a history of previous annotations. Our method may be used as a drop-in replacement for the majority vote algorithms used in online crowdsourcing services that aggregate multiple human annotations into a final consolidated label. In experiments conducted on two real-life applications we find that our method can reduce the number of required annotations by as much as a factor of 5.4 and can reduce the residual annotation error by up to 90% when compared with majority voting. Furthermore, the online risk estimates of the models may be used to sort the annotated collection and minimize subsequent expert review effort.	[Van Horn, Grant; Branson, Steve; Perona, Pietro] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Loarie, Scott] iNaturalist, San Francisco, CA USA; [Belongie, Serge] Cornell Tech, New York, NY USA	Van Horn, G (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				Google Focused Research Award	This work was supported by a Google Focused Research Award. We thank Oisin Mac Aodha for useful discussions.		42	4	4	1	3	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1063-6919		978-1-5386-6420-9	PROC CVPR IEEE			2018							2714	2723		10.1109/CVPR.2018.00287			10	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Computer Science	BL9NZ	WOS:000457843602087		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Fang, H; Lafarge, F; Desbrun, M			IEEE	Fang, Hao; Lafarge, Florent; Desbrun, Mathieu			Planar Shape Detection at Structural Scales	2018 IEEE/CVF CONFERENCE ON COMPUTER VISION AND PATTERN RECOGNITION (CVPR)	IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition		English	Proceedings Paper	31st IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)	JUN 18-23, 2018	Salt Lake City, UT	IEEE, CVF, IEEE Comp Soc				Interpreting 3D data such as point clouds or surface meshes depends heavily on the scale of observation. Yet, existing algorithms for shape detection rely on trial-and-error parameter tunings to output configurations representative of a structural scale. We present a framework to automatically extract a set of representations that capture the shape and structure of man-made objects at different key abstraction levels. A shape-collapsing process first generates a fine-to-coarse sequence of shape representations by exploiting local planarity. This sequence is then analyzed to identify significant geometric variations between successive representations through a supervised energy minimization. Our framework is flexible enough to learn how to detect both existing structural formalisms such as the CityGML Levels Of Details, and expert-specified levels of abstraction. Experiments on different input data and classes of manmade objects, as well as comparisons with existing shape detection methods, illustrate the strengths of our approach in terms of efficiency and flexibility.	[Fang, Hao; Lafarge, Florent] Univ Cote Azur, INRIA, Nice, France; [Desbrun, Mathieu] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Fang, H (corresponding author), Univ Cote Azur, INRIA, Nice, France.	hao.fang@inria.fr; florent.lafarge@inria.fr; mathieu@cms.caltech.edu			CSTB; Inria International Chair pro grain	This work has been funded by CSTB. Mathieu Desbrun gratefully acknowledges the Inria International Chair pro grain and the entire Titane team.		38	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1063-6919		978-1-5386-6420-9	PROC CVPR IEEE			2018							2965	2973		10.1109/CVPR.2018.00313			9	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Computer Science	BL9NZ	WOS:000457843603011					2020-09-09	
S	Mac Aodha, O; Su, SH; Chen, YX; Perona, P; Yue, YS			IEEE	Mac Aodha, Oisin; Su, Shihan; Chen, Yuxin; Perona, Pietro; Yue, Yisong			Teaching Categories to Human Learners with Visual Explanations	2018 IEEE/CVF CONFERENCE ON COMPUTER VISION AND PATTERN RECOGNITION (CVPR)	IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition		English	Proceedings Paper	31st IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)	JUN 18-23, 2018	Salt Lake City, UT	IEEE, CVF, IEEE Comp Soc				We study the problem of computer-assisted teaching with explanations. Conventional approaches for machine teaching typically only provide feedback at the instance level e.g., the category or label of the instance. However, it is intuitive that clear explanations from a knowledgeable teacher can significantly improve a student's ability to learn a new concept. To address these existing limitations, we propose a teaching framework that provides interpretable explanations as feedback and models how the learner incorporates this additional information. In the case of images, we show that we can automatically generate explanations that highlight the parts of the image that are responsible for the class label. Experiments on human learners illustrate that, on average, participants achieve better test set performance on challenging categorization tasks when taught with our interpretable approach compared to existing methods.	[Mac Aodha, Oisin; Su, Shihan; Chen, Yuxin; Perona, Pietro; Yue, Yisong] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Mac Aodha, O (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				Swiss NSFSwiss National Science Foundation (SNSF); AWS Research Credits; Bloomberg; Northrop Grumman	We would like to thank Google for their gift to the Visipedia project, AWS Research Credits, Bloomberg, Northrop Grumman, and the Swiss NSF for their Early Mobility Postdoctoral Fellowship. Thanks also to Kareem Moussa for providing the OCT dataset and to Kun ho Kim for helping generate crowd embeddings.		40	5	5	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1063-6919		978-1-5386-6420-9	PROC CVPR IEEE			2018							3820	3828		10.1109/CVPR.2018.00402			9	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Computer Science	BL9NZ	WOS:000457843603100		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Kim, KH; Mac Aodha, O; Perona, P			IEEE	Kim, Kun Ho; Mac Aodha, Oisin; Perona, Pietro			Context Embedding Networks	2018 IEEE/CVF CONFERENCE ON COMPUTER VISION AND PATTERN RECOGNITION (CVPR)	IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition		English	Proceedings Paper	31st IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)	JUN 18-23, 2018	Salt Lake City, UT	IEEE, CVF, IEEE Comp Soc				Low dimensional embeddings that capture the main variations of interest in collections of data are important for many applications. One way to construct these embeddings is to acquire estimates of similarity from the crowd. Similarity is a multi-dimensional concept that varies from individual to individual. However, existing models for learning crowd embeddings typically make simplifying assumptions such as all individuals estimate similarity using the same criteria, the list of criteria is known in advance, or that the crowd workers are not influenced by the data that they see. To overcome these limitations we introduce Context Embedding Networks (CENs). In addition to learning interpretable embeddings from images, CENs also model worker biases for different attributes along with the visual context i.e. the attributes highlighted by a set of images. Experiments on three noisy crowd annotated datasets show that modeling both worker bias and visual context results in more interpretable embeddings compared to existing approaches.	[Kim, Kun Ho; Mac Aodha, Oisin; Perona, Pietro] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Kim, KH (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				Google	We thank Google for supporting the Visipedia project and AWS Research Credits for their donation.		34	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1063-6919		978-1-5386-6420-9	PROC CVPR IEEE			2018							8679	8687		10.1109/CVPR.2018.00905			9	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Computer Science	BL9NZ	WOS:000457843608088		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Van Horn, G; Mac Aodha, O; Song, Y; Cui, Y; Sun, C; Shepard, A; Adam, H; Perona, P; Belongie, S			IEEE	Van Horn, Grant; Mac Aodha, Oisin; Song, Yang; Cui, Yin; Sun, Chen; Shepard, Alex; Adam, Hartwig; Perona, Pietro; Belongie, Serge			The iNaturalist Species Classification and Detection Dataset	2018 IEEE/CVF CONFERENCE ON COMPUTER VISION AND PATTERN RECOGNITION (CVPR)	IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition		English	Proceedings Paper	31st IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)	JUN 18-23, 2018	Salt Lake City, UT	IEEE, CVF, IEEE Comp Soc				Existing image classification datasets used in computer vision tend to have a uniform distribution of images across object categories. In contrast, the natural world is heavily imbalanced, as some species are more abundant and easier to photograph than others. To encourage further progress in challenging real world conditions we present the iNaturalist species classification and detection dataset, consisting of 859,000 images from over 5,000 different species of plants and animals. It features visually similar species, captured in a wide variety of situations, from all over the world. Images were collected with different camera types, have varying image quality, feature a large class imbalance, and have been verified by multiple citizen scientists. We discuss the collection of the dataset and present extensive baseline experiments using state-of-the-art computer vision classification and detection models. Results show that current non ensemble based methods achieve only 67% top one classification accuracy, illustrating the difficulty of the dataset. Specifically, we observe poor results for classes with small numbers of training examples suggesting more attention is needed in low-shot learning.	[Van Horn, Grant; Mac Aodha, Oisin; Perona, Pietro] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Song, Yang; Sun, Chen; Adam, Hartwig] Google, Mountain View, CA USA; [Cui, Yin; Belongie, Serge] Cornell Tech, New York, NY USA; [Shepard, Alex] iNaturalist, San Francisco, CA USA	Van Horn, G (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				Google Focused Research Award	This work was supported by a Google Focused Research Award. We would like to thank: Scott Loarie and Ken-ichi Ueda from iNaturalist; Steve Branson, David Rolnick, Weijun Wang, and Nathan Frey for their help with the dataset; Wendy Kan and Maggie Demkin from Kaggle; the iNat2017 competitors, and the FGVC2017 workshop organizers. We also thank NVIDIA and Amazon Web Services for their donations.		50	23	23	2	9	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1063-6919		978-1-5386-6420-9	PROC CVPR IEEE			2018							8769	8778		10.1109/CVPR.2018.00914			10	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Computer Science	BL9NZ	WOS:000457843608097		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Wang, ZJ; Liu, F; Low, S; Zhao, CH; Mei, SW			IEEE	Wang, Zhaojian; Liu, Feng; Low, Steven; Zhao, Changhong; Mei, Shengwei			Distributed Frequency Control with Operational Constraints, Part II: Network Power Balance	2018 IEEE POWER & ENERGY SOCIETY GENERAL MEETING (PESGM)	IEEE Power and Energy Society General Meeting PESGM		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Power-and-Energy-Society General Meeting (PESGM)	AUG 05-10, 2018	Portland, OR	IEEE Power & Energy Soc					[Wang, Zhaojian; Liu, Feng; Mei, Shengwei] Tsinghua Univ, Elect Engn, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Low, Steven] CALTECH, Elect Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Zhao, Changhong] Natl Renewable Energy Lab, Power Syst Engn Ctr, Golden, CO USA	Wang, ZJ (corresponding author), Tsinghua Univ, Elect Engn, Beijing, Peoples R China.		Liu, feng/AAC-7911-2019; Low, Steven/AAV-7687-2020; MEI, SHENGWEI/AAH-4123-2019					0	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1944-9925		978-1-5386-7703-2	IEEE POW ENER SOC GE			2018													1	Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BL9OC	WOS:000457893901047					2020-09-09	
S	Zhang, AY; Zhao, CH; Low, S; Tang, WR			IEEE	Zhang, Angela Yingjun; Zhao, Changhong; Low, Steven; Tang, Wanrong			Profit-Maximizing Planning and Control of Battery Energy Storage Systems for Primary Frequency Control	2018 IEEE POWER & ENERGY SOCIETY GENERAL MEETING (PESGM)	IEEE Power and Energy Society General Meeting PESGM		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-Power-and-Energy-Society General Meeting (PESGM)	AUG 05-10, 2018	Portland, OR	IEEE Power & Energy Soc					[Zhang, Angela Yingjun] Chinese Univ Hong Kong, Dept Informat Engn, Hong Kong, Peoples R China; [Zhao, Changhong] Natl Renewable Energy Lab, Power Syst Engn Ctr, Golden, CO USA; [Low, Steven] CALTECH, Comp & Math Sci Dept, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Tang, Wanrong] Chinese Univ Hong Kong, Informat Engn, Hong Kong, Peoples R China	Zhang, AY (corresponding author), Chinese Univ Hong Kong, Dept Informat Engn, Hong Kong, Peoples R China.		Low, Steven/AAV-7687-2020; Zhang, Ying Jun/T-6567-2019	Zhang, Ying Jun/0000-0002-7304-6849				0	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1944-9925		978-1-5386-7703-2	IEEE POW ENER SOC GE			2018													1	Energy & Fuels; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Energy & Fuels; Engineering	BL9OC	WOS:000457893902047					2020-09-09	
S	Cigla, C; Thakker, R; Matthies, L			IEEE	Cigla, Cevahir; Thakker, Rohan; Matthies, Larry			Onboard Stereo Vision for Drone Pursuit or Sense and Avoid	PROCEEDINGS 2018 IEEE/CVF CONFERENCE ON COMPUTER VISION AND PATTERN RECOGNITION WORKSHOPS (CVPRW)	IEEE Computer Society Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition Workshops		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)	JUN 18-22, 2018	Salt Lake City, UT	IEEE Comp Soc				We describe a new, on-board, short range perception system that enables micro aerial vehicles (MAVs) to detect, track, and follow or avoid nearby drones (within 2-20 meters) in GPS-denied environments. Each vehicle is able to sense its neighborhood and adapt its motion accordingly without use of centralized reasoning or inter-vehicle communication. To enable a lightweight, low power solution, on-board stereo cameras are used for detection and tracking with depth images, while a downward-looking camera and an inertial measurement unit are used to estimate the position of the observer without use of GPS. We illustrate the robustness and accuracy of this approach through real-time, outdoor leader-follower experiments with three quadrotors. Our experiments show that state-of-art trackers are far less robust in detection against cluttered background. This demonstrates that stereo vision is a highly effective approach to perception for safe navigation of multiple MAVs in close proximity.	[Cigla, Cevahir] Aselsan Inc, Yenimahalle Ankara, Turkey; [Thakker, Rohan; Matthies, Larry] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Cigla, C (corresponding author), Aselsan Inc, Yenimahalle Ankara, Turkey.	ccigla@aselsan.com.tr; rohan.a.thakker@jpl.nasa.gov; lhm@jpl.nasa.gov			Army Research Laboratory under the Micro Autonomous Systems and Technology Collaborative Technology Alliance program (MAST-CTA); National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This work was funded by the Army Research Laboratory under the Micro Autonomous Systems and Technology Collaborative Technology Alliance program (MAST-CTA). JPL contributions were carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		31	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2160-7508		978-1-5386-6100-0	IEEE COMPUT SOC CONF			2018							738	746		10.1109/CVPRW.2018.00105			9	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Computer Science	BL9LT	WOS:000457636800098					2020-09-09	
J	Hassan, R; Gurnis, M; Williams, SE; Muller, RD				Hassan, Rakib; Gurnis, Michael; Williams, Simon E.; Mueller, R. Dietmar			SPGM: A Scalable PaleoGeomorphology Model	SOFTWAREX			English	Article						Surface processes; Geomorphology; Paleogeomorphology; Morphodynamics; Landscape evolution model	FLOW-ACCUMULATION; EVOLUTION	Numerical models of landscape evolution are playing an increasingly important role in providing an improved understanding of geomorphic transport processes shaping Earth's surface topography. Improving theoretical underpinnings coupled with increasing computational capacity has led to the development of several open source codes written in low-level languages. However, adapting these codes to new functionality or introducing greater flexibility often requires significant recoding. Here we present a multi-process, scalable, numerical model of geomorphological evolution, built with a modular structure and geared toward seamless extensibility. We implement recent algorithmic advances that reduce the computational cost of flow routing - a problem that typically scales quadratically with the number of unknowns - to linear in time while allowing for parallel implementations of geomorphic transport processes. Our scalability tests demonstrate that such parallelizations can achieve an order of magnitude speedup on a typical desktop computer, making large-scale simulations more tractable. (c) 2018 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	[Hassan, Rakib; Williams, Simon E.; Mueller, R. Dietmar] Univ Sydney, Sch Geosci, EarthByte Grp, Sydney, NSW 2006, Australia; [Gurnis, Michael] CALTECH, Seismol Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Hassan, Rakib] Geosci Australia, GPO Box 378, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia	Hassan, R (corresponding author), Univ Sydney, Sch Geosci, EarthByte Grp, Sydney, NSW 2006, Australia.; Hassan, R (corresponding author), Geosci Australia, GPO Box 378, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia.	rakib.hassan@ga.gov.au	; Muller, Dietmar/P-8164-2018	Hassan, Rakib/0000-0002-9100-4191; Muller, Dietmar/0000-0002-3334-5764; Williams, Simon/0000-0003-4670-8883	Statoil ASA; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [EAR -1358646, EAR -1247022]; Statoil ASA through ARC [IH130200012]	MG was supported by Statoil ASA, NSF EAR -1358646 and EAR -1247022. R.D.M was supported by Statoil ASA through ARC IH130200012.		32	2	2	0	0	ELSEVIER SCIENCE BV	AMSTERDAM	PO BOX 211, 1000 AE AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS	2352-7110			SOFTWAREX	SoftwareX	JAN-JUN	2018	7						263	272		10.1016/j.softx.2018.07.005			10	Computer Science, Software Engineering	Computer Science	HJ4JC	WOS:000457139300045		DOAJ Gold, Green Published			2020-09-09	
S	Karp, AC; Nakazono, B; Vaughan, D		Walker, CAH		Karp, Ashley C.; Nakazono, Barry; Vaughan, David			SPACE STORABLE HYBRID ROCKET TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT	GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION, AND CONTROL 2018, PTS I-II: ADVANCES IN THE ASTRONAUTICAL SCIENCES	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences		English	Proceedings Paper	41st Annual American-Astronautical-Society Rocky Mountain Section Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference	FEB 01-07, 2018	AAS Rocky Mt Sect, Breckenridge, CO	Amer Astronaut Soc	AAS Rocky Mt Sect			Hybrid rocket propulsion is gaining a great deal of interest for space storable and low temperature applications. Typical hybrid propellants have been shown to survive over a wide range of temperatures, minimizing the need for thermal control. This ability to survive in low temperature environments, coupled with their high performance (comparable to liquid bipropellants) and ability to restart has made them viable candidates for a variety of missions. A technology development program at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory over the last three years has focused on increasing the Technology Readiness Level (TRL) of hybrid rockets for a potential Mars Ascent Vehicle (MAV), In Situ Resource Utilization (ISRU) and Interplanetary SmallSat applications. Results of this technology development will be presented.	[Karp, Ashley C.; Nakazono, Barry; Vaughan, David] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Prop & Fluid Flight Syst, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Karp, AC (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Prop & Fluid Flight Syst, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				NASA Mars Exploration Program Office; Jet Propulsion Laboratory through its internal Research and Technology Development program	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The Mars Ascent Vehicle Technology Development was funded by the NASA Mars Exploration Program Office. The author would like to thank the Jet Propulsion Laboratory for funding the SmallSat research through its internal Research and Technology Development program.		10	0	0	1	1	UNIVELT INC	SAN DIEGO	PO BOX 28130, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128 USA	1081-6003		978-0-87703-649-4	ADV ASTRONAUT SCI			2018	164		I-II				121	129					9	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Aerospace	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL8HT	WOS:000456359500009					2020-09-09	
S	Collins, SM; Seubert, CR; Kourchians, A; Villalpando, CY; Carson, JM		Walker, CAH		Collins, Steven M.; Seubert, Carl R.; Kourchians, Ara; Villalpando, Carlos Y.; Carson, John M., III			COBALT: TERRESTRIAL FLIGHT TEST OF LANDING NAVIGATION USING LANDER VISION SYSTEM WITH NAVIGATION DOPPLER LIDAR	GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION, AND CONTROL 2018, PTS I-II: ADVANCES IN THE ASTRONAUTICAL SCIENCES	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences		English	Proceedings Paper	41st Annual American-Astronautical-Society Rocky Mountain Section Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference	FEB 01-07, 2018	AAS Rocky Mt Sect, Breckenridge, CO	Amer Astronaut Soc	AAS Rocky Mt Sect			COBALT (CoOperative Blending of Autonomous Landing Technologies) is a NASA technology development and test program to advance precision landing capabilities for future soft landers. The COBALT payload demonstrated terrain relative navigation utilizing the Lander Vision System and Navigation Doppler Lidar sensors on the Masten Space Systems Xodiac rocket. In spring 2017, the program culminated in two open-loop free flights to 500 m altitude with downrange diverts of 300 m. The COBALT system performed well, navigating within meters of the Xodiac vehicle's GPS-based solution. This paper outlines details of the navigation filter and its performance during the test campaign.	[Collins, Steven M.; Seubert, Carl R.; Kourchians, Ara; Villalpando, Carlos Y.; Carson, John M., III] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Collins, SM (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				NASA Flight Opportunities Program; NASA Game Changing Development Program; NASA Advanced Exploration Systems Program; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	COBALT is a multi-center collaboration made up of a team from JPL, JSC, LaRC, and AFRC. The authors thank the hard work and contributions made by the whole team to make COBALT a success. The team thanks both the Masten crew that smoothly executed a successful set of flights with Xodiac, as well as the early pioneering from the ADAPT team. COBALT was supported through the NASA Flight Opportunities Program, NASA Game Changing Development Program, and NASA Advanced Exploration Systems Program. The COBALT work at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, was performed under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Government sponsorship acknowledged).		17	0	0	0	0	UNIVELT INC	SAN DIEGO	PO BOX 28130, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128 USA	1081-6003		978-0-87703-649-4	ADV ASTRONAUT SCI			2018	164		I-II				257	269					13	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Aerospace	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL8HT	WOS:000456359500020					2020-09-09	
S	Brugarolas, P; Rahman, Z; Casoliva, J; Griffin, G; Johnson, A; Cheng, Y; Mohan, S; Estlin, T		Walker, CAH		Brugarolas, P.; Rahman, Z.; Casoliva, J.; Griffin, G.; Johnson, A.; Cheng, Y.; Mohan, S.; Estlin, T.			CLOSED-LOOP POINTING OF THE REMOTE SENSING MAST OF THE MARS 2020 ROVER	GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION, AND CONTROL 2018, PTS I-II: ADVANCES IN THE ASTRONAUTICAL SCIENCES	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences		English	Proceedings Paper	41st Annual American-Astronautical-Society Rocky Mountain Section Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference	FEB 01-07, 2018	AAS Rocky Mt Sect, Breckenridge, CO	Amer Astronaut Soc	AAS Rocky Mt Sect			The Mars 2020 project has baselined the addition of closed-loop pointing for the rover's Remote Sensing Mast (RSM). Pointing of the inherited remote sensing mast design (from the Mars Science Laboratory MSL Mission) is limited by backlash in the azimuth and elevation actuators and thermo-mechanical errors. The new onboard pointing system compensates for backlash by including a pointing guidance algorithm and for thermo-mechanical errors by including vision-based feedback. The new closed-loop pointing system aims to point a science instrument to better than 1 mrad when closing the loop around that science instrument imager, or to better than 2 mrad when closing the loop using the engineering navigation cameras. This paper describes the new closed loop pointing system architecture and the pointing algorithms.	[Brugarolas, P.; Rahman, Z.; Casoliva, J.; Griffin, G.; Johnson, A.; Cheng, Y.; Mohan, S.; Estlin, T.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Brugarolas, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research described in this article was carried out in part at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		1	0	0	0	0	UNIVELT INC	SAN DIEGO	PO BOX 28130, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128 USA	1081-6003		978-0-87703-649-4	ADV ASTRONAUT SCI			2018	164		I-II				385	393					9	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Aerospace	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL8HT	WOS:000456359500029					2020-09-09	
S	Aldrich, J; San Martin, M; Bayard, D		Walker, CAH		Aldrich, Jack; San Martin, Miguel; Bayard, David			PHASE-PLANE CONTROL ALGORITHM WITH ADAPTIVE MINIMUM-IMPULSE BIT INTEGRAL CONTROL	GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION, AND CONTROL 2018, PTS I-II: ADVANCES IN THE ASTRONAUTICAL SCIENCES	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences		English	Proceedings Paper	41st Annual American-Astronautical-Society Rocky Mountain Section Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference	FEB 01-07, 2018	AAS Rocky Mt Sect, Breckenridge, CO	Amer Astronaut Soc	AAS Rocky Mt Sect			The JPL-heritage proportional-derivative (PD) phase-plane control algorithm is augmented with a new algorithm that incorporates integral control action for purposes of minimizing: (i) pulse counts and (ii) the time-averaged pointing error signal. Because of the deadzone present in all JPL-heritage thruster-based phase-plane control designs, the introduction of integral action into previous proportional-integral-derivative (PID) controllers has been problematic. (Of course, PID is simple to implement in the absence of a deadzone.) In this work, a stabilizer function is introduced which compares the (always stabilizing) PD control signal with the (sometimes desirable) PID control signal. In particular, when these two signals are in harmony (i.e., correlated in sign), the PID signal is utilized. On the other hand, when the PD and PID signals do not align (in sign), it can be shown that it is best to nullify the output of the controller. Simulation results are presented which demonstrate: (i) the stability of the algorithm and (ii) the minimum pulse-count and pointing error objectives.	[Aldrich, Jack; Bayard, David] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Payload Instrument Pointing Control Anal Grp, 4800 Oak Grove, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [San Martin, Miguel] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Guidance & Control Sect, 4800 Oak Grove, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Aldrich, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Payload Instrument Pointing Control Anal Grp, 4800 Oak Grove, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.							8	0	0	0	0	UNIVELT INC	SAN DIEGO	PO BOX 28130, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128 USA	1081-6003		978-0-87703-649-4	ADV ASTRONAUT SCI			2018	164		I-II				443	454					12	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Aerospace	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL8HT	WOS:000456359500034					2020-09-09	
S	Boone, DR; Wong, M; Bellerose, J; Roth, D		Walker, CAH		Boone, Dylan R.; Wong, Mau; Bellerose, Julie; Roth, Duane			PRELIMINARY SATURN ATMOSPHERIC DENSITY RESULTS FROM CASSINI'S FINAL PLUNGE	GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION, AND CONTROL 2018, PTS I-II: ADVANCES IN THE ASTRONAUTICAL SCIENCES	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences		English	Proceedings Paper	41st Annual American-Astronautical-Society Rocky Mountain Section Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference	FEB 01-07, 2018	AAS Rocky Mt Sect, Breckenridge, CO	Amer Astronaut Soc	AAS Rocky Mt Sect			The Cassini spacecraft descended into the planet Saturn on September 15, 2017, capping a twenty year mission full of scientific discoveries. The high-gain antenna was held on Earth-point until torques from atmospheric drag caused the spacecraft to lose line-of-sight lock with Earth. The Doppler data collected during the final plunge contains information about the spacecraft's acceleration due to atmospheric drag, and therefore, the density of Saturn's atmosphere. In this work, we present preliminary analysis of the end of mission Doppler data and its implications regarding the density of Saturn's upper atmosphere. A reconstruction of the spacecraft's final trajectory is discussed and used to fit a model of Saturn's atmosphere to the Doppler data taken during the final plunge. The Cassini navigation team's experience flying the spacecraft through the final five low altitude Saturn periapses is also discussed in the context of atmospheric drag and density models.	[Boone, Dylan R.; Wong, Mau; Bellerose, Julie; Roth, Duane] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Nav Sect, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Boone, DR (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Nav Sect, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		8	0	0	0	0	UNIVELT INC	SAN DIEGO	PO BOX 28130, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128 USA	1081-6003		978-0-87703-649-4	ADV ASTRONAUT SCI			2018	164		I-II				853	863					11	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Aerospace	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL8HT	WOS:000456359500057					2020-09-09	
S	Wolf, AA; Scheeres, DJ; Lu, P		Walker, CAH		Wolf, Aron A.; Scheeres, Daniel J.; Lu, Ping			NGUYEN XUAN VINH - A LIFE IN HYPERSONIC FLIGHT	GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION, AND CONTROL 2018, PTS I-II: ADVANCES IN THE ASTRONAUTICAL SCIENCES	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences		English	Proceedings Paper	41st Annual American-Astronautical-Society Rocky Mountain Section Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference	FEB 01-07, 2018	AAS Rocky Mt Sect, Breckenridge, CO	Amer Astronaut Soc	AAS Rocky Mt Sect			Nguyen Xuan Vinh (born January 1930 in Yen Bai, Vietnam) is a noted Vietnamese-American aerospace scientist and educator whose seminal work on the guidance, dynamics and optimal control of space vehicles and their interaction with the atmosphere has played a fundamental role in space exploration. Vinh is Professor Emeritus of Aerospace Engineering at the University of Michigan, where he taught for nearly thirty years. Among his many publications was "Hypersonic and Planetary Entry Flight Mechanics" (1980. Vinh, N. X.; Busemann, A.; Culp, R. D. University of Michigan Press) which contains equations for hypersonic flight that came to be known as "the Vinh equations."	[Wolf, Aron A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Guidance & Control Sect, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Scheeres, Daniel J.] Univ Colorado, Ann & HJ Smead Dept Aerosp Engn Sci, 429 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Lu, Ping] San Diego State Univ, Dept Aerosp Engn, San Diego, CA 92182 USA	Wolf, AA (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Guidance & Control Sect, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.							6	0	0	0	0	UNIVELT INC	SAN DIEGO	PO BOX 28130, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128 USA	1081-6003		978-0-87703-649-4	ADV ASTRONAUT SCI			2018	164		I-II				957	964					8	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Aerospace	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL8HT	WOS:000456359500064					2020-09-09	
S	Vaquero, M; Hahn, YS; Hernandez, S; Laipert, F; Valerino, P; Wagner, S; Wong, M; Roth, D		Walker, CAH		Vaquero, Mar; Hahn, Yungsun; Hernandez, Sonia; Laipert, Frank; Valerino, Powtawche; Wagner, Sean; Wong, Mau; Roth, Duane			FLYING CASSINI THROUGH THE GRAND FINALE ORBITS: PREDICTION VS. REALITY	GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION, AND CONTROL 2018, PTS I-II: ADVANCES IN THE ASTRONAUTICAL SCIENCES	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences		English	Proceedings Paper	41st Annual American-Astronautical-Society Rocky Mountain Section Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference	FEB 01-07, 2018	AAS Rocky Mt Sect, Breckenridge, CO	Amer Astronaut Soc	AAS Rocky Mt Sect			After twenty years of successful mission operations and invaluable scientific discoveries, the Cassini orbiter completed its tour around the Saturnian system on the most complex gravity-assist trajectory ever flown. The end-of-mission target of September 15, 2017 was achieved by preserving propellant at the expense of minimizing maneuver cycles. A navigation strategy that incorporated orbit trim maneuvers was developed five years in advance to maintain position dispersions below 250 km (la) at three specific periapses, following the last targeted flyby in the mission. This paper reports on the actual maneuver performance and overall trajectory control to maintain the Grand Finale orbits, highlighting the differences between predicted and implemented values.	[Vaquero, Mar] NASA, CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Mission Design Engn, 480 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Roth, Duane] NASA, CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Flight Path Control Grp, 480 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Roth, Duane] NASA, CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Cassini Nav Team, 480 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Vaquero, M (corresponding author), NASA, CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Mission Design Engn, 480 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				California Institute of Technology	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. (C) 2018 California Institute of Technology. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		7	0	0	0	0	UNIVELT INC	SAN DIEGO	PO BOX 28130, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128 USA	1081-6003		978-0-87703-649-4	ADV ASTRONAUT SCI			2018	164		I-II				1183	1193					11	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Aerospace	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL8HT	WOS:000456359500081					2020-09-09	
S	Bellerose, J; Roth, D; Boone, D; Tarzi, Z; Ionasescu, R; Criddle, K		Walker, CAH		Bellerose, Julie; Roth, Duane; Boone, Dylan; Tarzi, Zahi; Ionasescu, Radica; Criddle, Kevin			CASSINI ORBIT DETERMINATION OPERATIONS THROUGH THE FINAL TITAN FLYBYS AND THE MISSION GRAND FINALE (FEBRUARY 2016-SEPTEMBER 2017)	GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION, AND CONTROL 2018, PTS I-II: ADVANCES IN THE ASTRONAUTICAL SCIENCES	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences		English	Proceedings Paper	41st Annual American-Astronautical-Society Rocky Mountain Section Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference	FEB 01-07, 2018	AAS Rocky Mt Sect, Breckenridge, CO	Amer Astronaut Soc	AAS Rocky Mt Sect			This paper reports on the orbit determination performance for the final 1.5 years of the Cassini Solstice mission, including the mission's Grand Finale. During this period, Cassini encountered its final eleven targeted flybys of Titan (T116-T126) and executed its last 62 orbits of Saturn. In these final months, the spacecraft's inclination was gradually raised from near equatorial to near 63 degrees, critical inclination, to prevent the line of apsides from rotating out of Titan's orbital plane. Critical inclination enables continued Titan flybys, the last of which places Cassini on an impact trajectory with Saturn, thereby satisfying planetary protection requirements. In this reporting period, the orbit period moved from 16 days to nearly 32 and, for the final 6 months, it was brought down to less than 7 days. By design, the spacecraft entered the Saturn atmosphere on its final orbit and vaporized on September 15, 2017. We also report on the particular challenges associated with a stellar occultation, a flyby of Saturn's rocks, and the last revolutions of the mission's Grand Finale.	[Bellerose, Julie] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Outer Planet Nav Grp, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Roth, Duane; Boone, Dylan; Tarzi, Zahi; Ionasescu, Radica; Criddle, Kevin] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA	Bellerose, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Outer Planet Nav Grp, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.							13	0	0	0	0	UNIVELT INC	SAN DIEGO	PO BOX 28130, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128 USA	1081-6003		978-0-87703-649-4	ADV ASTRONAUT SCI			2018	164		I-II				1195	1206					12	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Aerospace	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL8HT	WOS:000456359500082					2020-09-09	
S	Parker, JM; Blandino, J; Skulsky, D; Lewis, JR; Scharf, DP		Walker, CAH		Parker, J. Morgan; Blandino, John; Skulsky, David; Lewis, James R.; Scharf, Daniel P.			A MICRO NEWTON IMPULSE-BIT HYDRAZINE THRUSTER-DESIGN, TEST, AND MISSION APPLICATIONS	GUIDANCE, NAVIGATION, AND CONTROL 2018, PTS I-II: ADVANCES IN THE ASTRONAUTICAL SCIENCES	Advances in the Astronautical Sciences		English	Proceedings Paper	41st Annual American-Astronautical-Society Rocky Mountain Section Guidance, Navigation and Control Conference	FEB 01-07, 2018	AAS Rocky Mt Sect, Breckenridge, CO	Amer Astronaut Soc	AAS Rocky Mt Sect			A small thruster, that will herein be called the Hydrazine milliNewton Thruster (HmNT), has been designed and vacuum hot-fire tested, demonstrating a range of thrust and impulse far below the current state-of-the-art (SOA) hydrazine thruster. Steady-state thrust levels of 35-135 mN, and minimum impulse-bits of 25-120 mu N-s were demonstrated over a typical operating range of inlet pressures. These capabilities provide new spacecraft and mission design options, including the following. Functional backup for Reaction Wheel Assemblies (RWAs), which can be used to prolong the useful life of RWAs RWA replacement for certain missions to save mass, power, and cost Precision delta-V that can be used for proximity operations and docking maneuvers formation flying primary attitude control for SmallSats and CubeSats primary delta-V for CubeSats.	[Parker, J. Morgan; Lewis, James R.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Propuls & Fluid Flight Syst Grp, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Blandino, John] Worcester Polytech Inst, Aerosp Engn Program, 100 Inst Rd, Worcester, MA 01609 USA; [Skulsky, David] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Guidance & Control Sect, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Scharf, Daniel P.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Spacecraft Guidance & Control Anal Grp, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Parker, JM (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Propuls & Fluid Flight Syst Grp, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.							10	0	0	0	0	UNIVELT INC	SAN DIEGO	PO BOX 28130, SAN DIEGO, CA 92128 USA	1081-6003		978-0-87703-649-4	ADV ASTRONAUT SCI			2018	164		I-II				1265	1275					11	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering, Aerospace	Automation & Control Systems; Engineering	BL8HT	WOS:000456359500088					2020-09-09	
S	Ciosmak, P; Hadasz, L; Manabe, M; Sulkowski, P		Liu, CCM; Mulase, M		Ciosmak, Pawel; Hadasz, Leszek; Manabe, Masahide; Sulkowski, Piotr			Singular vector structure of quantum curves	TOPOLOGICAL RECURSION AND ITS INFLUENCE IN ANALYSIS, GEOMETRY, AND TOPOLOGY	Proceedings of Symposia in Pure Mathematics		English	Proceedings Paper	AMS von Neumann Symposium on Topological Recursion and its Influence in Analysis, Geometry, and Topology	JUL 04-08, 2016	Charlotte, NC	Amer Math Soc			TOPOLOGICAL RECURSION; HIGHER EQUATIONS; KNOT INVARIANTS; FIELD-THEORY; MODEL; ALGEBRA; CONSTRAINTS; MOTION	We show that quantum curves arise in infinite families and have the structure of singular vectors of a relevant symmetry algebra. We analyze in detail the case of the hermitian one-matrix model with the underlying Virasoro algebra, and the super-eigenvalue model with the underlying super-Virasoro algebra. In the Virasoro case we relate singular vector structure of quantum curves to the topological recursion, and in the super-Virasoro case we introduce the notion of super-quantum curves. We also discuss the double quantum structure of the quantum curves and analyze specific examples of Gaussian and multi-Penner models.	[Ciosmak, Pawel] Univ Warsaw, Fac Math Informat & Mech, Ul Banacha 2, PL-02097 Warsaw, Poland; [Hadasz, Leszek] Jagiellonian Univ, M Smoluchowski Inst Phys, Ul Lojasiewicza 11, PL-30348 Krakow, Poland; [Manabe, Masahide; Sulkowski, Piotr] Univ Warsaw, Fac Phys, Ul Pasteura 5, PL-02093 Warsaw, Poland; [Sulkowski, Piotr] CALTECH, Walter Burke Inst Theoret Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ciosmak, P (corresponding author), Univ Warsaw, Fac Math Informat & Mech, Ul Banacha 2, PL-02097 Warsaw, Poland.	p.ciosmak@mimuw.edu.pl; leszek.hadasz@uj.edu.pl; masahidemanabe@gmail.com; psulkows@fuw.edu.pl			ERC - European Research Council under the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme [335739]	This work is supported by the ERC Starting Grant no. 335739 "Quantum fields and knot homologies" funded by the European Research Council under the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme.		53	0	0	0	0	AMER MATHEMATICAL SOC	PROVIDENCE	P.O. BOX 6248, PROVIDENCE, RI 02940 USA	2324-707X		978-1-4704-3541-7	P SYMP PURE MATH			2018	100						119	149		10.1090/pspum/100/01766			31	Mathematics	Mathematics	BL8HS	WOS:000456359400006		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Brehier, CE; Hairer, M; Stuart, AM				Brehier, Charles-Edouard; Hairer, Martin; Stuart, Andrew M.			WEAK ERROR ESTIMATES FOR TRAJECTORIES OF SPDEs UNDER SPECTRAL GALERKIN DISCRETIZATION	JOURNAL OF COMPUTATIONAL MATHEMATICS			English	Article						Stochastic Partial Differential Equations; Weak approximation; Spectral Galerkin discretization	PARTIAL-DIFFERENTIAL-EQUATIONS; DIFFUSION LIMITS; RANDOM-WALK; APPROXIMATION; CONVERGENCE; ALGORITHM	We consider stochastic semi-linear evolution equations which are driven by additive, spatially correlated, Wiener noise, and in particular consider problems of heat equation (analytic semigroup) and damped-driven wave equations (bounded semigroup) type. We discretize these equations by means of a spectral Galerkin projection, and we study the approximation of the probability distribution of the trajectories: test functions are regular, but depend on the values of the process on the interval [0, T]. We introduce a new approach in the context of quantative weak error analysis for discretization of SPDEs. The weak error is formulated using a deterministic function (Ito map) of the stochastic convolution found when the nonlinear term is dropped. The regularity properties of the Ito map are exploited, and in particular second-order Taylor expansions employed, to transfer the error from spectral approximation of the stochastic convolution into the weak error of interest. We prove that the weak rate of convergence is twice the strong rate of convergence in two situations. First, we assume that the covariance operator commutes with the generator of the semigroup: the first order term in the weak error expansion cancels out thanks to an independence property. Second, we remove the commuting assumption, and extend the previous result, thanks to the analysis of a new error term depending on a commutator.	[Brehier, Charles-Edouard] Univ Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Univ Lyon, Inst Camille Jordan, CNRS,UMR5208, F-69622 Villeurbanne, France; [Hairer, Martin] Imperial Coll London, Dept Math, London SW7 2AZ, England; [Stuart, Andrew M.] CALTECH, Comp & Math Sci, 1200 E Calif Blvd,MC 305-16, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Brehier, CE (corresponding author), Univ Claude Bernard Lyon 1, Univ Lyon, Inst Camille Jordan, CNRS,UMR5208, F-69622 Villeurbanne, France.	brehier@math.univ-lyon1.fr; m.hairer@imperial.ac.uk; astuart@caltech.edu		BREHIER, Charles-Edouard/0000-0002-4023-4982; Hairer, Martin/0000-0002-2141-6561	Region BretagneRegion Bretagne; EPSRCEngineering & Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC); ERCEuropean Research Council (ERC); ONROffice of Naval Research; Philip Leverhulme trust	C.-E. B. would like to thank the Warwick Mathematics Institute for their hospitality during his visit in 2013 and Region Bretagne for funding this visit. The work of A.M.S. was supported by EPSRC, ERC and ONR. M.H. was supported by the ERC and the Philip Leverhulme trust.		26	3	3	1	2	GLOBAL SCIENCE PRESS	WANCHAI	ROOM 3208, CENTRAL PLAZA, 18 HARBOUR RD, WANCHAI, HONG KONG 00000, PEOPLES R CHINA	0254-9409	1991-7139		J COMPUT MATH	J. Comput. Math.		2018	36	2					159	182		10.4208/jcm.1607-m2016-0539			24	Mathematics, Applied; Mathematics	Mathematics	HH8PV	WOS:000455995300002					2020-09-09	
S	Guerrero-Pena, FA; Fernandez, PDM; Ren, TI; Yui, M; Rothenberg, E; Cunha, A			IEEE	Guerrero-Pena, Fidel A.; Marrero Fernandez, Pedro D.; Ren, Tsang Ing; Yui, Mary; Rothenberg, Ellen; Cunha, Alexandre			MULTICLASS WEIGHTED LOSS FOR INSTANCE SEGMENTATION OF CLUTTERED CELLS	2018 25TH IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON IMAGE PROCESSING (ICIP)	IEEE International Conference on Image Processing ICIP		English	Proceedings Paper	25th IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP)	OCT 07-10, 2018	Athens, GREECE	Inst Elect & Electron Engneers, IEEE Signal Processing Soc		Deep learning; instance segmentation; multiclass segmentation; cell segmentation		We propose a new multiclass weighted loss function for instance segmentation of cluttered cells. We are primarily motivated by the need of developmental biologists to quantify and model the behavior of blood T-cells which might help us in understanding their regulation mechanisms and ultimately help researchers in their quest for developing an effective immunotherapy cancer treatment. Segmenting individual touching cells in cluttered regions is challenging as the feature distribution on shared borders and cell foreground are similar thus difficulting discriminating pixels into proper classes. We present two novel weight maps applied to the weighted cross entropy loss function which take into account both class imbalance and cell geometry. Binary ground truth training data is augmented so the learning model can handle not only foreground and background but also a third touching class. This framework allows training using U-Net. Experiments with our formulations have shown superior results when compared to other similar schemes, outperforming binary class models with significant improvement of boundary adequacy and instance detection. We validate our results on manually annotated microscope images of T-cells.	[Guerrero-Pena, Fidel A.; Marrero Fernandez, Pedro D.; Ren, Tsang Ing] Univ Fed Pernambuco, Ctr Informat, Recife, PE, Brazil; [Yui, Mary; Rothenberg, Ellen] CALTECH, Div Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Cunha, Alexandre] CALTECH, Ctr Adv Methods Biol Image Anal, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Guerrero-Pena, FA (corresponding author), Univ Fed Pernambuco, Ctr Informat, Recife, PE, Brazil.; Cunha, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Ctr Adv Methods Biol Image Anal, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	fagp@cin.ufpe.br; cunha@caltech.edu	Pena, Fidel A. Guerrero/K-8251-2016; Fernandez, Pedro Diamel Marrero/P-8363-2019	Pena, Fidel A. Guerrero/0000-0002-9999-5321; Fernandez, Pedro Diamel Marrero/0000-0002-7225-2915	FACEPE from the Beckman Institute at Caltech; CAPES from the Beckman Institute at CaltechCAPES; CNPq from the Beckman Institute at Caltech	We thank financial support from the Brazilian funding agencies FACEPE, CAPES and CNPq (FAG, PF, TIR), from the Beckman Institute at Caltech to the Center for Advanced Methods in Biological Image Analysis (AC), and thank the IBM Matching Grants Program for computer donation (AC).		19	4	4	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1522-4880		978-1-4799-7061-2	IEEE IMAGE PROC			2018							2451	2455					5	Computer Science, Software Engineering; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Computer Science; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL7MB	WOS:000455181502115		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Li, YJ; Wang, PF; Wang, MQ; Wang, HL; Yu, HY; Zhou, XL; Chen, WX; Pan, JQ			IEEE	Li, Yajie; Wang, Pengfei; Wang, Mengqi; Wang, Huolei; Yu, Hongyan; Zhou, Xuliang; Chen, Weixi; Pan, Jiaoqin			Quantum Well Laser-Based Optical Bistable Switching Device	2018 FIFTEENTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON WIRELESS AND OPTICAL COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS (WOCN)	International Conference on Wireless and Optical Communications Networks		English	Proceedings Paper	15th International Conference on Wireless and Optical Communications Networks (WOCN)	FEB 02-04, 2018	Kolkata, INDIA	Comp Soc India, Maulana Abul Kalan Azad Univ Technol, IEEE, IEEE Photon Soc		tunnel junction; multiple quantum well; semiconductor lasers; optical switching devices		Quantum well laser-based bistable switching lasers with low lasing threshold current densities and good electrical turn-on properties have been produced. The electrical properties of the devices are analyzed. It is found that this type of device possesses bistable characteristics providing an realization of devices for switching applications.	[Li, Yajie; Wang, Pengfei; Wang, Mengqi; Yu, Hongyan; Zhou, Xuliang; Chen, Weixi; Pan, Jiaoqin] Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Semicond, Key Lab Semicond Mat Sci, Beijing 100083, Peoples R China; [Wang, Huolei] CALTECH, Dept Appl Phys & Mat Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Li, YJ (corresponding author), Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Semicond, Key Lab Semicond Mat Sci, Beijing 100083, Peoples R China.	liyj@semi.ac.cn; jqpan@semi.ac.cn						12	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1811-3923		978-1-5386-4799-8	INT CONF WIREL OPT			2018													3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Optics; Telecommunications	Engineering; Optics; Telecommunications	BL7US	WOS:000455669000002					2020-09-09	
S	Wang, HL; Li, YJ; Yu, HY; Zhou, XL; Chen, WX; Pan, JQ; Ding, Y			IEEE	Wang, Huolei; Li, Yajie; Yu, Hongyan; Zhou, Xuliang; Chen, Weixi; Pan, Jiaoqing; Ding, Ying			Quantum Well Laser Diodes With slightly-doped tunnel junction	2018 FIFTEENTH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON WIRELESS AND OPTICAL COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS (WOCN)	International Conference on Wireless and Optical Communications Networks		English	Proceedings Paper	15th International Conference on Wireless and Optical Communications Networks (WOCN)	FEB 02-04, 2018	Kolkata, INDIA	Comp Soc India, Maulana Abul Kalan Azad Univ Technol, IEEE, IEEE Photon Soc		Tunneling; Multiple quantum well; Broadband; Semiconductor lasers	INTEGRATION	We experimentally investigate the electrical and optical characteristics of conventional quantum well laser diodes and the quantum well laser diodes with slightly-doped tunnel junction N++GaAs/undoped-GaAs. The results show that the slightly-doped tunnel junction give significant role on the laser diodes performances in the InGaAs/GaAs quantum well material system. The TJ LD has a internal quantum efficiency of 21% and the loss is 6.9 cm(-1), the current threshold is 35 mA, both the lasers are operating at 1.06 mu m, but the slightly-doped tunnel junction diode show nonlinear S-shaped current-voltage and broadband lasing characteristics. The results may also lead to the realization of more applications.	[Wang, Huolei] CALTECH, Dept Appl Phys & Mat Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Li, Yajie; Yu, Hongyan; Zhou, Xuliang; Chen, Weixi; Pan, Jiaoqing] Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Semicond, Beijing 100083, Peoples R China; [Ding, Ying] Univ Glasgow, Sch Engn, Glasgow G12 8LT, Lanark, Scotland; [Chen, Weixi] Peking Univ, Beijing 100871, Peoples R China	Pan, JQ (corresponding author), Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Semicond, Beijing 100083, Peoples R China.	jqpan@semi.ac.cn						13	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1811-3923		978-1-5386-4799-8	INT CONF WIREL OPT			2018													4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Optics; Telecommunications	Engineering; Optics; Telecommunications	BL7US	WOS:000455669000007					2020-09-09	
S	Liu, CL; Vaidyanathan, PP			IEEE	Liu, Chun-Lin; Vaidyanathan, P. P.			Comparison of Sparse Arrays From Viewpoint of Coarray Stability and Robustness	2018 IEEE 10TH SENSOR ARRAY AND MULTICHANNEL SIGNAL PROCESSING WORKSHOP (SAM)	Proceedings of the IEEE Sensor Array and Multichannel Signal Processing Workshop		English	Proceedings Paper	10th IEEE Sensor Array and Multichannel Signal Processing Workshop (SAM)	JUL 08-11, 2018	Sheffield, ENGLAND	IEEE		Sparse arrays; difference coarrays; robustness; the essentialness property; fragility	DEFINITE TOEPLITZ COMPLETION; LINEAR ANTENNA-ARRAYS; DOA ESTIMATION	Sparse arrays, such as minimum redundancy arrays (MRA), nested arrays, and coprime arrays, can resolve O(N-2) uncorrelated sources with N physical sensors, since they possess an O(N-2)-long uniform segment in the difference coarray, which is defined as the differences between sensor locations. Empirically, this O(N-2) property is susceptible to sensor failures. On the other hand, uniform linear arrays (ULA) are known to be robust, but they possess only O(N) elements in the difference coarray. This paper compares the size and the robustness of the difference coarray for a wide variety of array geometries. It is observed from numerical examples that, for a fixed N, increasing the size of the difference coarray typically makes it less robust to faulty sensors. Furthermore, it is noticed from examples that given two arrays with the same N and the same difference coarray, one could be much more robust than the other.	[Liu, Chun-Lin; Vaidyanathan, P. P.] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, MC 136-93, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Liu, CL (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, MC 136-93, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	cl.liu@caltech.edu; ppvnath@systems.caltech.edu			ONROffice of Naval Research [N00014-15-1-2118, N00014-17-1-2732]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CCF-1712633]; California Institute of Technology	This work was supported in parts by the ONR grants N00014-15-1-2118 and N00014-17-1-2732, the NSF grant CCF-1712633, and the California Institute of Technology.		20	3	3	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1551-2282		978-1-5386-4752-3	PR IEEE SEN ARRAY			2018							36	40					5	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BL3XE	WOS:000450082400008					2020-09-09	
S	Stegmaier, J; Spina, TV; Falcao, AX; Bartschat, A; Mikut, R; Meyerowitz, E; Cunha, A			IEEE	Stegmaier, Johannes; Spina, Thiago V.; Falcao, Alexandre X.; Bartschat, Andreas; Mikut, Ralf; Meyerowitz, Elliot; Cunha, Alexandre			CELL SEGMENTATION IN 3D CONFOCAL IMAGES USING SUPERVOXEL MERGE-FORESTS WITH CNN-BASED HYPOTHESIS SELECTION	2018 IEEE 15TH INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON BIOMEDICAL IMAGING (ISBI 2018)	IEEE International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging		English	Proceedings Paper	15th IEEE International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging (ISBI)	APR 04-07, 2018	Washington, DC	IEEE, IEEE Signal Proc Soc, Engn Med & Biol Soc		Cell Segmentation; Convolutional Neural Networks; Developmental Biology; Arabidopsis; Meristem	GROWTH	Automated segmentation approaches are crucial to quantitatively analyze large-scale 3D microscopy images. Particularly in deep tissue regions, automatic methods still fail to provide error-free segmentations. To improve the segmentation quality throughout imaged samples, we present a new supervoxel-based 3D segmentation approach that outperforms current methods and reduces the manual correction effort. The algorithm consists of gentle preprocessing and a conservative super-voxel generation method followed by supervoxel agglomeration based on local signal properties and a postprocessing step to fix under-segmentation errors using a Convolutional Neural Network. We validate the functionality of the algorithm on manually labeled 3D confocal images of the plant Arabidopsis thaliana and compare the results to a state-of-the-art meristem segmentation algorithm.	[Stegmaier, Johannes; Bartschat, Andreas; Mikut, Ralf] Karlsruhe Inst Technol, Inst Automat & Appl Informat, Karlsruhe, Germany; [Stegmaier, Johannes; Spina, Thiago V.; Cunha, Alexandre] CALTECH, Ctr Adv Methods Biol Image Anal, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Stegmaier, Johannes] Rhein Westfal TH Aachen, Inst Imaging & Comp Vis, Aachen, Germany; [Spina, Thiago V.] Brazilian Ctr Res Energy & Mat, Brazilian Synchrotron Light Lab, Campinas, SP, Brazil; [Spina, Thiago V.; Falcao, Alexandre X.] Univ Estadual Campinas, Inst Comp, Campinas, SP, Brazil; [Meyerowitz, Elliot] CALTECH, Howard Hughes Med Inst, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Meyerowitz, Elliot] CALTECH, Div Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Stegmaier, J (corresponding author), Karlsruhe Inst Technol, Inst Automat & Appl Informat, Karlsruhe, Germany.; Stegmaier, J; Cunha, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Ctr Adv Methods Biol Image Anal, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Stegmaier, J (corresponding author), Rhein Westfal TH Aachen, Inst Imaging & Comp Vis, Aachen, Germany.	jstegmaier@hotmail.de; cunha@caltech.edu	Mikut, Ralf/A-5949-2013; Meyerowitz, Elliot M/A-7118-2009	Mikut, Ralf/0000-0001-9100-5496; 	Helmholtz Association in the program BioInterfaces in Technology and Medicine; German Research Foundation DFGGerman Research Foundation (DFG) [MI1315/4-1]; Center for Advanced Methods in Biological Image Analysis, Beckman Institute at Caltech; Howard Hughes Medical InstituteHoward Hughes Medical Institute; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Sao Paulo Research FoundationFundacao de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado de Sao Paulo (FAPESP) [2016/11853-2, 2015/09446-7, 2014/12236-1]; Serrapilheira Institute [Serra-1708-16161]	We are grateful for funding by the Helmholtz Association in the program BioInterfaces in Technology and Medicine (RM), the German Research Foundation DEG in the project MI1315/4-1 (IS, RM), the Center for Advanced Methods in Biological Image Analysis, Beckman Institute at Caltech (JS, TS, EM, AC), the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (EM), the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation (FM and AC), the Sao Paulo Research Foundation in projects 2016/11853-2, 2015/09446-7, and 2014/12236-1 (TS, AF), and the Serrapilheira Institute in the project Serra-1708-16161 (TS). The Titan Xp used for this research was donated by the NVIDIA Corporation.		20	6	6	0	4	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1945-7928		978-1-5386-3636-7	I S BIOMED IMAGING			2018							382	386					5	Engineering, Biomedical; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	Engineering; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	BL7HY	WOS:000455045600087					2020-09-09	
S	Spina, TV; Stegmaier, J; Falcao, AX; Meyerowitz, E; Cunha, A			IEEE	Spina, Thiago V.; Stegmaier, Johannes; Falcao, Alexandre X.; Meyerowitz, Elliot; Cunha, Alexandre			SEGMENT3D: A WEB-BASED APPLICATION FOR COLLABORATIVE SEGMENTATION OF 3D IMAGES USED IN THE SHOOT APICAL MERISTEM	2018 IEEE 15TH INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM ON BIOMEDICAL IMAGING (ISBI 2018)	IEEE International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging		English	Proceedings Paper	15th IEEE International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging (ISBI)	APR 04-07, 2018	Washington, DC	IEEE, IEEE Signal Proc Soc, Engn Med & Biol Soc		3D Image Segmentation; Shoot Apical Meristem; Web-based Tool; Collaborative Segmentation; Confocal Microscopy	GROWTH	The quantitative analysis of 3D confocal microscopy images of the shoot apical meristem helps understanding the growth process of some plants. Cell segmentation in these images is crucial for computational plant analysis and many automated methods have been proposed. However, variations in signal intensity across the image mitigate the effectiveness of those approaches with no easy way for user correction. We propose a web-based collaborative 3D image segmentation application, SEGMENT3D, to leverage automatic segmentation results. The image is divided into 3D tiles that can be either segmented interactively from scratch or corrected from a pre-existing segmentation. Individual segmentation results per tile are then automatically merged via consensus analysis and then stitched to complete the segmentation for the entire image stack. SEGMENT3D is a comprehensive application that can be applied to other 3D imaging modalities and general objects. It also provides an easy way to create supervised data to advance segmentation using machine learning models.	[Spina, Thiago V.] Brazilian Ctr Res Energy & Mat, Brazilian Synchrotron Light Lab, Campinas, SP, Brazil; [Spina, Thiago V.; Stegmaier, Johannes; Cunha, Alexandre] CALTECH, Ctr Adv Methods Biol Image Anal, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Spina, Thiago V.; Falcao, Alexandre X.] Univ Estadual Campinas, Inst Comp, Campinas, SP, Brazil; [Stegmaier, Johannes] Karlsruhe Inst Technol, Inst Appl Comp Sci, Karlsruhe, Germany; [Stegmaier, Johannes] Rhein Westfal TH Aachen, Inst Imaging & Comp Vis, Aachen, Germany; [Meyerowitz, Elliot] CALTECH, Howard Hughes Med Inst, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Meyerowitz, Elliot] CALTECH, Div Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Spina, TV (corresponding author), Brazilian Ctr Res Energy & Mat, Brazilian Synchrotron Light Lab, Campinas, SP, Brazil.; Spina, TV; Cunha, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Ctr Adv Methods Biol Image Anal, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Spina, TV (corresponding author), Univ Estadual Campinas, Inst Comp, Campinas, SP, Brazil.	thiago.spina@lnls.br; cunha@caltech.edu	Meyerowitz, Elliot M/A-7118-2009		Sao Paulo Research FoundationFundacao de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado de Sao Paulo (FAPESP) [2016/11553-2, 2015/09446-7, 2014/122.36-1]; CNPqNational Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq); Center for Advanced Methods in Biological Image Analsysis, Beckman Institute at Caltech; German Research Foundation DECGerman Research Foundation (DFG) [MI11315/4-1]; Howard Hughes Medical InstituteHoward Hughes Medical Institute; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation [GBMF3406]; Serrapilheira Institute [Serra-1708-16161]	We are grateful for funding by the Sao Paulo Research Foundation in projects 2016/11553-2, 2015/09446-7, and 2014/122.36-1 (TS, AF), CNPq (AF), the Center for Advanced Methods in Biological Image Analsysis, Beckman Institute at Caltech (TS, JS, EM, AC), the German Research Foundation DEC in the project MI11315/4-1 (JS), the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (EM) and the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation through grant GBMF3406 (EM, AC), and the Serrapilheira Institute in the project Serra-1708-16161 (TS).		20	1	1	0	3	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	1945-7928		978-1-5386-3636-7	I S BIOMED IMAGING			2018							391	395					5	Engineering, Biomedical; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	Engineering; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	BL7HY	WOS:000455045600089					2020-09-09	
B	Hundman, K; Constantinou, V; Laporte, C; Colwell, I; Soderstrom, T			ACM	Hundman, Kyle; Constantinou, Valentino; Laporte, Christopher; Colwell, Ian; Soderstrom, Tom			Detecting Spacecraft Anomalies Using LSTMs and Nonparametric Dynamic Thresholding	KDD'18: PROCEEDINGS OF THE 24TH ACM SIGKDD INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON KNOWLEDGE DISCOVERY & DATA MINING			English	Proceedings Paper	24th ACM SIGKDD Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD)	AUG 19-23, 2018	London, ENGLAND	Assoc Comp Machinery, Assoc Comp Machinery SIGKDD, Assoc Comp Machinery SIGMOD		Anomaly detection; Neural networks; RNNs; LSTMs; Aerospace; Time-series; Forecasting		As spacecraft send back increasing amounts of telemetry data, improved anomaly detection systems are needed to lessen the monitoring burden placed on operations engineers and reduce operational risk. Current spacecraft monitoring systems only target a subset of anomaly types and often require costly expert knowledge to develop and maintain due to challenges involving scale and complexity. We demonstrate the effectiveness of Long Short-Term Memory (LSTMs) networks, a type of Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), in overcoming these issues using expert-labeled telemetry anomaly data from the Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) satellite and the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) rover, Curiosity. We also propose a complementary unsupervised and nonparametric anomaly thresholding approach developed during a pilot implementation of an anomaly detection system for SMAP, and offer false positive mitigation strategies along with other key improvements and lessons learned during development.	[Hundman, Kyle; Constantinou, Valentino; Laporte, Christopher; Colwell, Ian; Soderstrom, Tom] NASA, Jet Prop Lab, CALTECH, Washington, DC 20546 USA	Hundman, K (corresponding author), NASA, Jet Prop Lab, CALTECH, Washington, DC 20546 USA.	kyle.a.hundman@jpl.nasa.gov; vconstan@jpl.nasa.gov; christopher.d.laporte@jpl.nasa.gov; ian.colwell@jpl.nasa.gov; tom.soderstrom@jpl.nasa.gov			Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) at JPL	This effort was supported by the Office of the Chief Information Officer (OCIO) at JPL, managed by the California Institute of Technology on behalf of NASA. The authors would specifically like to thank Sonny Koliwad, Chris Ballard, Prashanth Pandian, Chris Swan, and Charles Kirby for their feedback and support.		46	29	29	1	5	ASSOC COMPUTING MACHINERY	NEW YORK	1515 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10036-9998 USA			978-1-4503-5552-0				2018							387	395		10.1145/3219819.3219845			9	Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence; Computer Science, Information Systems; Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BL7QE	WOS:000455346400041					2020-09-09	
B	Samoska, LA; Taylor, M; Velazco, J; Fung, A; Lin, R; Peralta, A; Gawande, R			IEEE	Samoska, Lorene A.; Taylor, Mark; Velazco, Jose; Fung, Andy; Lin, Robert; Peralta, Alejandro; Gawande, Rohit			A W-Band Spatial Power-Combining Amplifier using GaN MMICs	2018 15TH EUROPEAN RADAR CONFERENCE (EURAD)	European Radar Conference EuRAD		English	Proceedings Paper	15th European Radar Conference (EuRAD)	SEP 26-28, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	APS, EurAAP, AESS, European Microwave Assoc, IEEE, MTT S, Horizon House		MMIC; GaN power amplifiers; cavity mode; TM110		In this paper, we describe a miniature power-combiner for monolithic millimeter-wave integrated circuit (MMIC) chips using spatial power-combining with cavity modes. We have designed GaN MMIC power amplifier chips for 94 GHz, and illustrate the concept of the W-Band Spatial Power Combining Amplifier (WSPCA). Using 1 Watt, 94 GHz MMIC chips in a two-way cavity mode combiner, we were able to achieve 2 Watts of output power with 9 dB gain and 15 % PAE. This technique could be extended to high power MMICs and larger numbers of chips to achieve higher output power in a compact size. Current applications include earth science radar, and may be extended to other applications requiring wider bandwidth.	[Samoska, Lorene A.; Taylor, Mark; Velazco, Jose; Fung, Andy; Lin, Robert; Peralta, Alejandro; Gawande, Rohit] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Samoska, LA (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	lsamoska@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was carried out in part at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		9	1	1	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-2-8748-7053-8	EUROP RADAR CONF			2018							329	332					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BL7LQ	WOS:000455157000075					2020-09-09	
B	Siles, JV; Cooper, K; Lee, C; Lin, R; Chattopadhyay, G; Mehdi, I			IEEE	Siles, Jose V.; Cooper, Ken; Lee, Choonsup; Lin, Robert; Chattopadhyay, Goutam; Mehdi, Imran			A Compact Room-Temperature 510-560 GHz Frequency Tripler with 30-mW Output Power	2018 15TH EUROPEAN RADAR CONFERENCE (EURAD)	European Radar Conference EuRAD		English	Proceedings Paper	15th European Radar Conference (EuRAD)	SEP 26-28, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	APS, EurAAP, AESS, European Microwave Assoc, IEEE, MTT S, Horizon House		Submillimeter-wave sources; Schottky diodes; frequency multipliers; submillimeter-wave technology; terahertz technology	TECHNOLOGY	We report on a compact high-power 510-560 GHz GaAs Schottky diode based frequency tripler with enhanced power handling capabilities, showing a world-record measured peak power of 30 mW, at room-temperature, when pumped with 350-400 mW. This corresponds to a ten times better performance than previously reported sources in this frequency range. The increase in power handling capabilities is achieved by using an improved epitaxial structure together with an on-chip power combined topology that allows to combine several multiplying structures onto a single chip. The chip also exhibits a state-of-the-art conversion efficiency of 8-9% without any correction for the losses in fixtures/transitions used for the tests.	[Siles, Jose V.; Cooper, Ken; Lee, Choonsup; Lin, Robert; Chattopadhyay, Goutam; Mehdi, Imran] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Siles, JV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Jose.V.Siles@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		10	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-2-8748-7053-8	EUROP RADAR CONF			2018							333	336					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BL7LQ	WOS:000455157000076					2020-09-09	
B	Monje, RR; Cooper, KB; Dengler, RJ; Cochrane, CJ; Durden, SL; Tang, A; Choukroun, M			IEEE	Monje, Raquel R.; Cooper, Ken B.; Dengler, Robert J.; Cochrane, Corey J.; Durden, Stephen L.; Tang, Adrian; Choukroun, Mathieu			Long range-Doppler Demonstration of a 95 GHz FMCW Radar	2018 15TH EUROPEAN RADAR CONFERENCE (EURAD)	European Radar Conference EuRAD		English	Proceedings Paper	15th European Radar Conference (EuRAD)	SEP 26-28, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	APS, EurAAP, AESS, European Microwave Assoc, IEEE, MTT S, Horizon House		FMCW radar; Doppler radar	IMAGING RADAR	We present the first demonstration of a thermal-noise-limited 95 GHz frequency modulated continuous wave (FMCW) Doppler radar with high (1 Watt) transmit power and long-range Doppler detection capabilities. The 95 GHz radar is part of the GAISR (Gas And Ice Spectrometer/Radar) instrument to probe the dynamics and distribution of cometary jets and plumes in icy bodies in the solar system. Radar measurements were carried out using a variety of targets at different range and velocities, such as freeway cars, clouds, rain and hillsides, to test the range and Doppler capabilities. The compact design (a single 15 cm diameter primary antenna), and high quality data presented in this paper makes this 95 GHz FMCW radar uniquely suitable for future space missions for Planetary and Earth Science applications.	[Monje, Raquel R.; Cooper, Ken B.; Dengler, Robert J.; Cochrane, Corey J.; Durden, Stephen L.; Tang, Adrian; Choukroun, Mathieu] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Monje, RR (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Raquel.Rodriguez.Monje@jpl.nasa.gov	Choukroun, Mathieu/F-3146-2017	Choukroun, Mathieu/0000-0001-7447-9139				11	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-2-8748-7053-8	EUROP RADAR CONF			2018							409	412					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BL7LQ	WOS:000455157000094					2020-09-09	
B	Roy, RJ; Cooper, KB; Lebsock, M; Millan, L; Siles, J; Monje, RR			IEEE	Roy, Richard J.; Cooper, Ken B.; Lebsock, Matthew; Millan, Luis; Siles, Jose; Monje, Raquel Rodriguez			Differential Absorption Radar at 170 GHz for Atmospheric Boundary Layer Water Vapor Profiling	2018 15TH EUROPEAN RADAR CONFERENCE (EURAD)	European Radar Conference EuRAD		English	Proceedings Paper	15th European Radar Conference (EuRAD)	SEP 26-28, 2018	Madrid, SPAIN	APS, EurAAP, AESS, European Microwave Assoc, IEEE, MTT S, Horizon House		Millimeter wave radar; Meteorological radar; Radar signal processing	LIDAR	We are developing a frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW) radar between 167 and 174.8 GHz to measure differential absorption due to water vapor within the atmospheric boundary layer. In this work, we report on single-frequency measurements performed within this band in the presence of precipitating clouds. Despite the relatively low transmit power of 6-10 dBm, the high transmit/receive isolation and low noise figure of the system enables detection of radar echos from rain or clouds with high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) out to about one kilometer. This work builds on technology developed and measurements performed in our group in the 183.5 to 193 GHz band, which is subject to transmission restrictions due to passive remote sensing platforms that rely on those frequencies.	[Roy, Richard J.; Cooper, Ken B.; Lebsock, Matthew; Millan, Luis; Siles, Jose; Monje, Raquel Rodriguez] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91126 USA	Roy, RJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91126 USA.	richard.j.roy@jpl.nasa.gov	Roy, Richard/AAA-9558-2019		National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); U.S. Government	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. U.S. Government sponsorship acknowledged.X		12	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-2-8748-7053-8	EUROP RADAR CONF			2018							417	420					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Engineering; Telecommunications	BL7LQ	WOS:000455157000096					2020-09-09	
S	Talon, T; Pellegrino, S			IEEE	Talon, Thibaud; Pellegrino, Sergio			Shape Measurement of Large Structures in Space: Experiments	2018 5TH IEEE INTERNATIONAL WORKSHOP ON METROLOGY FOR AEROSPACE (METROAEROSPACE)	IEEE Metrology for AeroSpace		English	Proceedings Paper	5th IEEE International Workshop on Metrology for AeroSpace (MetroAeroSpace)	JUN 20-22, 2018	ROME, ITALY	IEEE, AESS, IEEE Instrumentation Measurement Soc, IEEE Italy Sect, AESS AES Chapter		sun; sensor; shape; reconstruction; measurement; structure; solar; sail; antenna array; laboratory; experiment		A method to reconstruct the shape of a large planar structure in space is introduced and demonstrated through a lab-scale experiment. Lightweight sun sensors are distributed on the structure to measure local angles relative to the sun. The methodology to integrate the measured angles into the shape of the structure, based on a decomposition of the shape into basis functions is introduced. This methodology has been implemented on a lab-scale experiment. The design of the sensors is based on a 4 pixel pinhole camera. The calibration method for these sensors is presented as well as the techniques to integrate and communicate with them. A 1.2 m by 20 cm structure was designed and populated with sensors to show the performance of an integrated system. Preliminary results show an accuracy of 1 mm RMS on the shape reconstruction of this structure.	[Talon, Thibaud; Pellegrino, Sergio] CALTECH, Grad Aerosp Labs, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Talon, T (corresponding author), CALTECH, Grad Aerosp Labs, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	ttalon@caltech.edu; sergiop@caltech.edu			Northrop Grumman Corporation; Space Solar Power Project at Caltech	This research is supported by the Northrop Grumman Corporation and the Space Solar Power Project at Caltech.		12	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2575-7482	2575-7490	978-1-5386-2474-6	IEEE METROL AEROSPAC			2018							581	584					4	Engineering, Aerospace; Instruments & Instrumentation	Engineering; Instruments & Instrumentation	BL7DI	WOS:000454855500108					2020-09-09	
S	Brakerski, Z; Christiano, P; Mahadev, U; Vazirani, U; Vidick, T		Thorup, M		Brakerski, Zvika; Christiano, Paul; Mahadev, Urmila; Vazirani, Umesh; Vidick, Thomas			A Cryptographic Test of Quantumness and Certifiable Randomness from a Single Quantum Device	2018 IEEE 59TH ANNUAL SYMPOSIUM ON FOUNDATIONS OF COMPUTER SCIENCE (FOCS)	Annual IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science		English	Proceedings Paper	59th IEEE Annual Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS)	OCT 07-09, 2018	Paris, FRANCE	IEEE, IEEE Comp Soc, IEEE Comp Soc Tech Comm Math Fdn Comp, ACM Special Interest Grp Algorithms & Computat Theory, Amazon Web Serv, French Natl Ctr Sci Res, French Israeli Lab Fdn Comp Sci, Google, IBM Res, Inst Rech Informatique Fondamentale, Math Innov Major Interest Area Project Ile France Reg, Microsoft Res, Bas Algorithms Res Copenhagen		randomness; quantum information; cryptography		We give a protocol for producing certifiable randomness from a single untrusted quantum device that is polynomial-time bounded. The randomness is certified to be statistically close to uniform from the point of view of any computationally unbounded quantum adversary, that may share entanglement with the quantum device. The protocol relies on the existence of post-quantum secure trapdoor claw-free functions, and introduces a new primitive for constraining the power of an untrusted quantum device. We then show how to construct this primitive based on the hardness of the learning with errors (LWE) problem. The randomness protocol can also be used as the basis for an efficiently verifiable "quantum supremacy" proposal, thus answering an outstanding challenge in the field. experiments.	[Brakerski, Zvika] Weizmann Inst Sci, Rehovot, Israel; [Christiano, Paul] OpenAI, San Francisco, CA USA; [Christiano, Paul; Mahadev, Urmila; Vazirani, Umesh] Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA USA; [Vidick, Thomas] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Brakerski, Z (corresponding author), Weizmann Inst Sci, Rehovot, Israel.	zvika.brakerski@weizmann.ac.il; mahadev@cs.berkeley.edu; vazirani@cs.berkeley.edu; vidick@cms.caltech.edu						23	4	4	0	1	IEEE COMPUTER SOC	LOS ALAMITOS	10662 LOS VAQUEROS CIRCLE, PO BOX 3014, LOS ALAMITOS, CA 90720-1264 USA	0272-5428		978-1-5386-4230-6	ANN IEEE SYMP FOUND			2018							320	331		10.1109/FOCS.2018.00038			12	Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BL7GT	WOS:000455014500029		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Natarajan, A; Vidick, T		Thorup, M		Natarajan, Anand; Vidick, Thomas			Low-degree testing for quantum states, and a quantum entangled games PCP for QMA	2018 IEEE 59TH ANNUAL SYMPOSIUM ON FOUNDATIONS OF COMPUTER SCIENCE (FOCS)	Annual IEEE Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science		English	Proceedings Paper	59th IEEE Annual Symposium on Foundations of Computer Science (FOCS)	OCT 07-09, 2018	Paris, FRANCE	IEEE, IEEE Comp Soc, IEEE Comp Soc Tech Comm Math Fdn Comp, ACM Special Interest Grp Algorithms & Computat Theory, Amazon Web Serv, French Natl Ctr Sci Res, French Israeli Lab Fdn Comp Sci, Google, IBM Res, Inst Rech Informatique Fondamentale, Math Innov Major Interest Area Project Ile France Reg, Microsoft Res, Bas Algorithms Res Copenhagen			VERIFICATION; HARDNESS	We show that given an explicit description of a multiplayer game, with a classical verifier and a constant number of players, it is QMA-hard, under randomized reductions, to distinguish between the cases when the players have a strategy using entanglement that succeeds with probability 1 in the game, or when no such strategy succeeds with probability larger than 1/2. This proves the "games quantum PCP conjecture" of Fitzsimons and the second author (ITCS'15), albeit under randomized reductions. The core component in our reduction is a construction of a family of two-player games for testing n-qubit maximally entangled states. For any integer n >= 2, we give such a game in which questions from the verifier are O(log n) bits long, and answers are poly(log log n) bits long. We show that for any constant epsilon >= 0, any strategy that succeeds with probability at least 1 - epsilon in the test must use a state that is within distance delta(epsilon) = O(epsilon(c)) from a state that is locally equivalent to a maximally entangled state on n qubits, for some universal constant c > 0. The construction is based on the classical plane-vs-point test for multivariate low-degree polynomials of Raz and Safra (STOC'97). We extend the classical test to the quantum regime by executing independent copies of the test in the generalized Pauli X and Z bases over F-q, where q is a sufficiently large prime power, and combine the two through a test for the Pauli twisted commutation relations. Our main complexity-theoretic result is obtained by combining this family of games with techniques from the classical PCP literature. More specifically, we use constructions of PCPs of proximity introduced by Ben-Sasson et al. (CCC'05), and crucially rely on a linear property of such PCPs. Another consequence of our results is a deterministic reduction from the games quantum PCP conjecture to a suitable formulation of the constraint satisfaction quantum PCP conjecture.	[Natarajan, Anand] MIT, Ctr Theoret Phys, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Vidick, Thomas] CALTECH, Dept Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Natarajan, A (corresponding author), MIT, Ctr Theoret Phys, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA.	anandn@mit.edu; vidick@cms.caltech.edu						39	2	2	0	0	IEEE COMPUTER SOC	LOS ALAMITOS	10662 LOS VAQUEROS CIRCLE, PO BOX 3014, LOS ALAMITOS, CA 90720-1264 USA	0272-5428		978-1-5386-4230-6	ANN IEEE SYMP FOUND			2018							731	742		10.1109/FOCS.2018.00075			12	Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BL7GT	WOS:000455014500066		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
B	Bagheri, M; Frez, C; Vurgaftman, I; Fradet, M; Grudinin, I; Canedy, CL; Bewley, WW; Merritt, CD; Kim, CS; Forouhar, S; Meyer, JR			IEEE	Bagheri, Mahmood; Frez, Clifford; Vurgaftman, Igor; Fradet, Mathieu; Grudinin, Ivan; Canedy, Chadwick L.; Bewley, William W.; Merritt, Charles D.; Kim, Chul Soo; Forouhar, Siamak; Meyer, Jerry R.			Interband Cascade (IC) Optical Frequency Combs	2018 IEEE PHOTONICS SOCIETY SUMMER TOPICAL MEETING SERIES (SUM)			English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE Photonics Society Summer Topical Meeting Series (SUM)	JUL 09-11, 2018	Waikoloa Village, HI	IEEE, IEEE photon Soc		Interband cascade laser; mode-locked laser; optical frequency combs	GENERATION	We demonstrate an electrically-driven frequency comb whose sub-picosecond pulses span more than 1 THz of spectral bandwidth centered near 3.6 mu m. This is achieved by passively mode locking an interband cascade laser with gain and saturable absorber sections monolithically integrated on the same chip.	[Bagheri, Mahmood; Frez, Clifford; Fradet, Mathieu; Grudinin, Ivan; Forouhar, Siamak] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Vurgaftman, Igor; Canedy, Chadwick L.; Bewley, William W.; Merritt, Charles D.; Kim, Chul Soo; Meyer, Jerry R.] Naval Res Lab, Washington, DC 20375 USA	Bagheri, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	mahmood.bagheri@jpl.nasa.gov			Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) SCOUT program	This work was supported under the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) SCOUT program and performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), California Institute of Technology, under contract with the NASA.		15	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA			978-1-5386-5343-2				2018							213	214					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Optics	Engineering; Optics	BL7LM	WOS:000455155000097					2020-09-09	
S	Ebrahimian, H; Kohler, M; Massari, A; Asimaki, D		Conte, JP; Astroza, R; Benzoni, G; Feltrin, G; Loh, KJ; Moaveni, B		Ebrahimian, Hamed; Kohler, Monica; Massari, Anthony; Asimaki, Domniki			Parametric Estimation of Wave Dispersion for System Identification of Building Structures	EXPERIMENTAL VIBRATION ANALYSIS FOR CIVIL STRUCTURES: TESTING, SENSING, MONITORING, AND CONTROL	Lecture Notes in Civil Engineering		English	Proceedings Paper	International Conference on Experimental Vibration Analysis for Civil Engineering Structures (EVACES)	JUL 12-14, 2017	Univ California San Diego, San Diego, CA		Univ California San Diego	Wave inversion; Dispersion; Bayesian estimation; Interferometry; Structural system identification	PROPAGATION; HIGHRISE	The linear-elastic response of a building structure subjected to an earthquake base excitation can be approximated as the response of a continuous, spatially inhomogenous, dispersive, viscoelastic solid subjected to vertically incident plane shear waves. The frequency-dependent phase velocity and attenuation of seismic energy at different wavelengths, together with the inertial properties of the multilayer solid characterize the response of the building structure. The objective of this study is to identify the structural system by estimating the parameters that characterize the propagation of seismic waves in an equivalent multilayer viscoelastic solid. To pursue this objective, first, the measured dynamic responses of a building structure are used to derive the frequency response functions (FRFs) of the floor absolute acceleration with respect to the base excitation using a seismic interferometry approach. The FRFs obtained from the measured structural responses are then compared with the FRFs estimated using analytical models for one-dimensional shear wave propagation in a multilayer Kelvin-Voigt dispersive medium. Through a recursive Bayesian estimation approach, the parameters characterizing the phase velocity and damping ratio of the multilayer medium are estimated. This study provides a step forward in seismic interferometric identification of building structures by proposing a new method for parametric estimation of shear wave velocity and damping dispersion at the story level of a building structure. The estimated shear wave velocities before and after a damage-inducing event can be used to identify permanent loss of effective lateral stiffness of the building structure at the story level, thus can provide an alternative method for structural health monitoring and damage identification.	[Ebrahimian, Hamed; Kohler, Monica; Massari, Anthony; Asimaki, Domniki] CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ebrahimian, H (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Mech & Civil Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	hebrahim@caltech.edu	Ebrahimian, Hamed/Y-3697-2019; Massari, Anthony/AAR-1062-2020; Asimaki, Domniki/A-2274-2013	Asimaki, Domniki/0000-0002-3008-8088	Terrestrial Hazard Observation and Reporting (THOR) Center at Caltech	Support of this research provided by the Terrestrial Hazard Observation and Reporting (THOR) Center at Caltech is gratefully acknowledged.		21	0	0	0	0	SPRINGER INTERNATIONAL PUBLISHING AG	CHAM	GEWERBESTRASSE 11, CHAM, CH-6330, SWITZERLAND	2366-2557		978-3-319-67443-8; 978-3-319-67442-1	LECT NOTES CIVIL ENG			2018	5						791	802		10.1007/978-3-319-67443-8_70			12	Engineering, Civil	Engineering	BL7NQ	WOS:000455235800070		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Havelund, K; Peled, D		Gallardo, MD; Merino, P		Havelund, Klaus; Peled, Doron			Efficient Runtime Verification of First-Order Temporal Properties	MODEL CHECKING SOFTWARE, SPIN 2018	Lecture Notes in Computer Science		English	Proceedings Paper	25th International Symposium on Model Checking Software (SPIN)	JUN 20-22, 2018	Malaga, SPAIN	Univ Malaga, E T S Ingn Informatica, Soc Ingn Software & Tecnologias Desarrollo Software, ANR, Swansea Univ, ONERA, GISUM, MORSE			SAFETY	Runtime verification allows monitoring the execution of a system against a temporal property, raising an alarm if the property is violated. In this paper we present a theory and system for runtime verification of a first-order past time linear temporal logic. The first-order nature of the logic allows a monitor to reason about events with data elements. While runtime verification of propositional temporal logic requires only a fixed amount of memory, the first-order variant has to deal with a number of data values potentially growing unbounded in the length of the execution trace. This requires special compactness considerations in order to allow checking very long executions. In previous work we presented an efficient use of BDDs for such first-order runtime verification, implemented in the tool DejaVu. We first summarize this previous work. Subsequently, we look at the new problem of dynamically identifying when data observed in the past are no longer needed, allowing to reclaim the data elements used to represent them. We also study the problem of adding relations over data values. Finally, we present parts of the implementation, including a new concept of user defined property macros.	[Havelund, Klaus] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Peled, Doron] Bar Ilan Univ, Dept Comp Sci, Ramat Gan, Israel	Havelund, K (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Peled, D (corresponding author), Bar Ilan Univ, Dept Comp Sci, Ramat Gan, Israel.	klaus.havelund@jpl.nasa.gov; doron.peled@gmail.com			Israeli Science FoundationIsrael Science Foundation [2239/15]	The research performed by the first author was carried out at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The research performed by the second author was partially funded by Israeli Science Foundation grant 2239/15: "Runtime Measuring and Checking of Cyber Physical Systems".		26	0	0	0	1	SPRINGER INTERNATIONAL PUBLISHING AG	CHAM	GEWERBESTRASSE 11, CHAM, CH-6330, SWITZERLAND	0302-9743	1611-3349	978-3-319-94111-0; 978-3-319-94110-3	LECT NOTES COMPUT SC			2018	10869						26	47		10.1007/978-3-319-94111-0_2			22	Computer Science, Software Engineering; Computer Science, Theory & Methods	Computer Science	BL7QI	WOS:000455352500002					2020-09-09	
S	Muslimov, ER; Hugot, E; Lombardo, S; Roulet, M; Behaghel, T; Ferrari, M; Jahn, W		Mazuray, L; Wartmann, R; Wood, AP		Muslimov, Eduard R.; Hugot, Emmanuel; Lombardo, Simona; Roulet, Melanie; Behaghel, Thibault; Ferrari, Marc; Jahn, Wilfried			Advanced optical designs of curved detectors-based two-mirrors unobscured telescopes	OPTICAL DESIGN AND ENGINEERING VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Optical Design and Engineering VII	MAY 14-17, 2018	Frankfurt, GERMANY	SPIE, OPTATEC		curved detector; unobscured telescope; aspheric mirrors; ghost analysis; design algorithm	WIDE-FIELD	In the present paper we consider a family of unobscured telescope designs with curved detectors. They are based on classical two-mirror schemes - Ritchey-Chretien, Gregorian and Couder telescopes. It is shown that all the designs provide nearly diffraction limited image quality in the visible domain for 0.4 degrees x0.4 degrees field of view with the f-number of 7. We also provide a brief ghost analysis and point on special features of the systems with curved detectors. Finally, the detector surface shape obtained in each case is analyzed and its' technological feasibility is demonstrated.	[Muslimov, Eduard R.; Hugot, Emmanuel; Lombardo, Simona; Roulet, Melanie; Behaghel, Thibault; Ferrari, Marc] Aix Marseille Univ, CNRS, CNES, LAM, 38 Rue Joliot Curie, F-13388 Marseille, France; [Muslimov, Eduard R.] Kazan Natl Res Tech Univ, 10 K Marx, Kazan 420111, Russia; [Jahn, Wilfried] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Muslimov, ER (corresponding author), Aix Marseille Univ, CNRS, CNES, LAM, 38 Rue Joliot Curie, F-13388 Marseille, France.; Muslimov, ER (corresponding author), Kazan Natl Res Tech Univ, 10 K Marx, Kazan 420111, Russia.	eduard.muslimov@lam.fr	Muslimov, Eduard R./AAA-9751-2020; Lombardo, Simona/AAA-7581-2020	Muslimov, Eduard R./0000-0002-3242-9894; 	European Research councilEuropean Research Council (ERC) [H2020 - ERCSTG-2015 - 678777 ICARUS]; HARMONI instrument consortium	The authors acknowledge the support from the European Research council through the H2020 - ERCSTG-2015 - 678777 ICARUS program. This research was partially supported by the HARMONI instrument consortium. We also thank Christophe Gaschet, Bertrand Chambion and David Henry from Univ. Grenoble Alpes, CEA-LETI for their contribution to the curved detectors technology development.		20	0	0	0	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1918-0	PROC SPIE			2018	10690								UNSP 1069025	10.1117/12.2311885			8	Optics	Optics	BL6FU	WOS:000453782200055		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Vinckier, Q; Crabtree, K; Gibson, M; Smith, C; Wehmeier, U; Hayne, PO; Sellar, RG		Mazuray, L; Wartmann, R; Wood, AP		Vinckier, Quentin; Crabtree, Karlton; Gibson, Megan; Smith, Christopher; Wehmeier, Udo; Hayne, Paul O.; Sellar, R. Glenn			Optical and mechanical designs of the multi-band SWIR receiver for the Lunar Flashlight CubeSat mission	OPTICAL DESIGN AND ENGINEERING VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Optical Design and Engineering VII	MAY 14-17, 2018	Frankfurt, GERMANY	SPIE, OPTATEC		Lunar Flashlight; reflectometer; reflectometry; CubeSat; radiometry; radiometer; laser remote sensing	WATER ICE; POLAR-REGIONS; SURFACE; MOON	Mapping and quantifying lunar water ice addresses one of NASA's Strategic Knowledge Gaps to understand the lunar resource potential for future human exploration of the Moon. Lunar Flashlight is an innovative NASA CubeSat mission dedicated to mapping water ice in the permanently-shadowed and occasionally-sunlit regions in the vicinity of the lunar South Pole. Lunar Flashlight will acquire these measurements from lunar orbit using a multi-band laser reflectometer composed of an optical receiver aligned with four lasers emitting different wavelengths in the shortwave infrared spectral region between 1 mu m and 2 mu m. The receiver measures the laser radiance reflected from the lunar surface in each spectral band and continuum/absorption reflectance band ratios are then analyzed to quantify water ice concentration in the illuminated spot. The receiver utilizes a 70x70-mm, aluminum, off-axis paraboloidal mirror with a focal length of 70 mm, which collects the incoming light onto a single, 2 mm diameter InGaAs detector with a cutoff wavelength of 2.4 mu m. We present the optical and mechanical designs of the receiver, including its optimization for rejection of solar stray-light from outside its intended field of view. This highly mass- and volume-constrained instrument payload will demonstrate several firsts, including being one of the first instruments onboard a Cube Sat performing science measurements beyond low Earth orbit and the first planetary mission to use multi-band active reflectometry from orbit.	[Vinckier, Quentin; Wehmeier, Udo; Sellar, R. Glenn] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Crabtree, Karlton] Photon Engn LLC, 310 S Williams Blvd 222, Tucson, AZ 85711 USA; [Gibson, Megan; Smith, Christopher] Sierra Lobo Inc, 102 Pinnacle Dr, Fremont, OH 43420 USA; [Hayne, Paul O.] Univ Colorado, 391 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309 USA	Vinckier, Q (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The Lunar Flashlight mission is funded by the Advanced Exploration Systems program in the Human Exploration and Operations (HEO) mission directorate of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). Part of this work was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with NASA.		39	0	0	1	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1918-0	PROC SPIE			2018	10690								UNSP 106901I	10.1117/12.2302914			11	Optics	Optics	BL6FU	WOS:000453782200039					2020-09-09	
S	Eastwood, MW; Hallinan, G		Jelic, V; VanDerHulst, T		Eastwood, Michael W.; Hallinan, Gregg			Full-Sky Maps of the VHF Radio Sky with the Owens Valley Radio Observatory Long Wavelength Array	PEERING TOWARDS COSMIC DAWN	IAU Symposium Proceedings Series		English	Proceedings Paper	333rd Symposium of the International-Astronomical-Union (IAU)	OCT 02-06, 2017	Dubrovnik, CROATIA	Int Astron Union, Ruder Boskov Inst, Univ Groningen, Kapteyn Astron Inst		cosmology: early universe; ISM: HII regions; ISM: supernova remnants; techniques: interferometric; radio continuum: general	FLUX-DENSITY SCALE	21-cm cosmology is a powerful new probe of the intergalactic medium at redshifts 20 greater than or similar to z greater than or similar to 6 corresponding to the Cosmic Dawn and Epoch of Reionization. Current observations of the highly-redshifted 21-cm transition are limited by the dynamic range they can achieve against foreground sources of low-frequency (< 200 MHz) of radio emission. We used the Owens Valley Radio Observatory Long Wavelength Array (OVRO-LWA) to generate a series of new modern high-fidelity sky maps that capture emission on angular scales ranging from tens of degrees to similar to 15 arcmin, and frequencies between 36 and 73 MHz. These sky maps were generated from the application of Tikhonov-regularized m-mode analysis imaging, which is a new interferometric imaging technique that is uniquely suited for low-frequency, wide-field, drift-scanning interferometers.	[Eastwood, Michael W.; Hallinan, Gregg] CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Eastwood, MW (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	mweastwood@astro.caltech.edu		Eastwood, Michael/0000-0002-4731-6083				13	0	0	0	0	CAMBRIDGE UNIV PRESS	CAMBRIDGE	THE PITT BUILDING, TRUMPINGTON ST, CAMBRIDGE CB2 1RP, CAMBS, ENGLAND	1743-9213	1743-9221	978-1-10719-246-1	IAU SYMP P SERIES	IAU Symposium Proc. Series		2018	12	S333					110	113		10.1017/S1743921317011231			4	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BL7NM	WOS:000455232000023		Bronze, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	McNally, CP; Nelson, RP; Paardekooper, SJ; Gressel, O; Lyra, W			IOP	McNally, Colin P.; Nelson, Richard P.; Paardekooper, Sijme-Jan; Gressel, Oliver; Lyra, Wladimir			Low mass planet migration in Hall-affected disks	12TH INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON NUMERICAL MODELING OF SPACE PLASMA FLOWS: ASTRONUM-2017	Journal of Physics Conference Series		English	Proceedings Paper	12th International Conference on Numerical Modeling of Space Plasma Flows (ASTRONUM)	JUN 26-30, 2017	Saint Malo, FRANCE	Univ Alabama Huntsville, Ctr Space Plasma & Aeron Res, French Alternat Energies & Atom Energy Commiss, Maison Simulat, Natl Ctr Sci Res, Univ Paris Sud, Univ Versailles			FARGO3D; GPU	Recent developments in non-ideal magnetohydrodynamic simulations of protoplanetary disks suggest that instead of being traditional turbulent (viscous) accretion disks, they have a largely laminar flow with accretion driven by large-scale wind torques. These disks are possibly threaded by Hall-effect generated large-scale horizontal magnetic fields. We have examined the dynamics of the corotation region of a low mass planet embedded in such a disk and the evolution of the associated migration torque. These disks lack strong turbulence and associated turbulent diffusion, and the presence of a magnetic field and radial gas flow presents a situation outside the applicability of previous corotation torque theory. We summarize the analytical analysis of the corotation torque, give details on the numerical methods used, and in particular the relative merits of different numerical schemes for the inviscid problem.	[McNally, Colin P.; Nelson, Richard P.; Paardekooper, Sijme-Jan] Queen Mary Univ London, Sch Phys & Astron, Astron Unit, London E1 4NS, England; [Paardekooper, Sijme-Jan] Univ Cambridge, DAMTP, Wilberforce Rd, Cambridge CB3 0WA, England; [Gressel, Oliver] Niels Bohr Int Acad, Niels Bohr Inst, Blegdamsvej 17, DK-2100 Copenhagen O, Denmark; [Lyra, Wladimir] Calif State Univ Northridge, Dept Phys & Astron, 18111 Nordhoff St, Northridge, CA 91330 USA; [Lyra, Wladimir] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	McNally, CP (corresponding author), Queen Mary Univ London, Sch Phys & Astron, Astron Unit, London E1 4NS, England.	c.mcnally@qmul.ac.uk			STFCScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC) [2015-2018 ST/M001202/1, 2017-2020 ST/P000592/1, ST/K00087X/1]; EPSRCEngineering & Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) [EP/K000128/1]; BIS National E-Infrastructure capital grant [ST/K000373/1, ST/K00042X/1]; STFC DiRAC Operations grants [ST/K0003259/1, ST/K003267/1]; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [NSF PHY11- 25915]; European Research Council (ERC) under the European Unions Horizon 2020 research and innovation programmeEuropean Research Council (ERC) [638596]; Royal Society University Research FellowshipRoyal Society of London	This research was supported by STFC Consolidated grants awarded to the QMUL Astronomy Unit 2015-2018 ST/M001202/1 and 2017-2020 ST/P000592/1. The simulations presented in this paper utilized Queen Mary's MidPlus computational facilities, supported by QMUL Research-IT and funded by EPSRC grant EP/K000128/1; the DiRAC Complexity system, operated by the University of Leicester IT Services, and the DiRAC Data Centric system at Durham University, operated by the Institute for Computational Cosmology which form parts of the STFC DiRAC HPC Facility (www.dirac.ac.uk).This equipment is funded by BIS National E-Infrastructure capital grants ST/K000373/1, ST/K00042X/1; STFC capital grant ST/K00087X/1, and STFC DiRAC Operations grants ST/K0003259/1 and ST/K003267/1. DiRAC is part of the National E-Infrastructure. This work used the NIRVANA3.5 code developed by Udo Ziegler at the Leibniz Institute for Astrophysics (AIP). This research was supported in part by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. NSF PHY11- 25915. The research leading to these results has received funding from the European Research Council (ERC) under the European Unions Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme (grant agreement No 638596). SJP is supported by a Royal Society University Research Fellowship.		25	0	0	0	0	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	DIRAC HOUSE, TEMPLE BACK, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1742-6588	1742-6596		J PHYS CONF SER			2018	1031								UNSP 012007	10.1088/1742-6596/1031/1/012007			7	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BL6ZO	WOS:000454784100007		Other Gold			2020-09-09	
S	Berger, BK		Meshkov, S		Berger, Beverly K.		LIGO Sci Collaboration	Identification and mitigation of Advanced LIGO noise sources	12TH EDOARDO AMALDI CONFERENCE ON GRAVITATIONAL WAVES (AMALDI 12)	Journal of Physics Conference Series		English	Proceedings Paper	12th Edoardo Amaldi Conference on Gravitational Waves (AMALDI)	JUL 09-14, 2017	Pasadena, CA	Gravitat Wave Int Comm				In order to increase the reach of the astrophysical searches, various sources of instrumental and environmental noise must be identified and ameliorated. Here we discuss efforts to understand the origin of noise manifested as short-duration bursts (glitches) and/or range-impacting features at LIGO Hanford. Several examples found at LIGO Hanford Observatory in O1 and O2 were identified including glitches due to an air compressor, ringing phone, airplanes, and an incorrect servo setting, and a decrease in detector sensitivity due to truck traffic.	[Berger, Beverly K.; LIGO Sci Collaboration] CALTECH, LIGO, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Berger, BK (corresponding author), CALTECH, LIGO, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	beverly.berger@ligo.org			National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [PHY-0757058]	I would like to thank S. Dwyer, J. McIver, B. O'Reily, and J. Smith for valuable comments. LIGO was constructed by the California Institute of Technology and Massachusetts Institute of Technology with funding from the National Science Foundation and operates under cooperative agreement PHY-0757058. This paper carries the LIGO Document Number P1700343.		12	7	7	0	3	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	DIRAC HOUSE, TEMPLE BACK, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1742-6588	1742-6596		J PHYS CONF SER			2018	957								UNSP 012004	10.1088/1742-6596/957/1/012004			6	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BL6WE	WOS:000454719400004		Bronze, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Dolch, T; Chatterjee, S; Cordes, JM; Demorest, PB; Ellis, JA; Jones, ML; Lam, MT; Lazio, TJW; Levin, L; McLaughlin, MA; Palliyaguru, NT; Stinebring, DR		Meshkov, S		Dolch, T.; Chatterjee, S.; Cordes, J. M.; Demorest, P. B.; Ellis, J. A.; Jones, M. L.; Lam, M. T.; Lazio, T. J. W.; Levin, L.; McLaughlin, M. A.; Palliyaguru, N. T.; Stinebring, D. R.		NANOGrav Collaboration	Noise Budget and Interstellar Medium Mitigation Advances in the NANOGrav Pulsar Timing Array	12TH EDOARDO AMALDI CONFERENCE ON GRAVITATIONAL WAVES (AMALDI 12)	Journal of Physics Conference Series		English	Proceedings Paper	12th Edoardo Amaldi Conference on Gravitational Waves (AMALDI)	JUL 09-14, 2017	Pasadena, CA	Gravitat Wave Int Comm				Gravitational wave (GW) detection with pulsar timing arrays (PTAs) requires accurate noise characterization. The noise of our Galactic-scale GW detector has been systematically evaluated by the Noise Budget and Interstellar Medium Mitigation working groups within the North American Nanohertz Observatory for Gravitational Waves (NANOGrav) collaboration. Intrinsically, individual radio millisecond pulsars (MSPs) used by NANOGrav can have some degree of achromatic red spin noise, as well as white noise due to pulse phase jitter. Along any given line-of-sight, the ionized interstellar medium contributes chromatic noise through dispersion measure (DM) variations, interstellar scintillation, and scattering. These effects contain both red and white components. In the future, with wideband receivers, the effects of frequency-dependent DM will become important. Having anticipated and measured these diverse sources of detector noise, the NANOGrav PTA remains well-poised to detect low-frequency GWs.	[Dolch, T.] Hillsdale Coll, Dept Phys, 33 E Coll St, Hillsdale, MI 49242 USA; [Chatterjee, S.; Cordes, J. M.] Cornell Univ, Astron Dept, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA; [Demorest, P. B.] Natl Radio Astron Observ, 1003 Lopezville Rd, Socorro, NM 87801 USA; [Ellis, J. A.; Jones, M. L.; Lam, M. T.; McLaughlin, M. A.] West Virginia Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Morgantown, WV 26506 USA; [Jones, M. L.; Lam, M. T.; McLaughlin, M. A.] West Virginia Univ, Ctr Gravitat Waves & Cosmol, Chestnut Ridge Res Bldg, Morgantown, WV 26505 USA; [Lazio, T. J. W.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91106 USA; [Levin, L.] Univ Manchester, Sch Phys & Astron, Jodrell Bank Ctr Astrophys, Manchester M13 9PL, Lancs, England; [Palliyaguru, N. T.] Texas Tech Univ, Dept Phys, Box 41051, Lubbock, TX 79409 USA; [Stinebring, D. R.] Oberlin Coll, Dept Phys & Astron, Oberlin, OH 44074 USA	Dolch, T (corresponding author), Hillsdale Coll, Dept Phys, 33 E Coll St, Hillsdale, MI 49242 USA.	tdolch@hillsdale.edu			National Science Foundation (NSF) Physics Frontier CenterNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1430284]; NSF-PIRE programNational Science Foundation (NSF)NSF - Office of the Director (OD) [0968296]; NASA through Einstein Fellowship [PF4-150120]	The NANOGrav project receives support from National Science Foundation (NSF) Physics Frontier Center award number 1430284 and NSF-PIRE program award number 0968296. TD acknowledges travel support from the NANOGrav PFC award. Part of this research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with NASA. JAE acknowledges support by NASA through Einstein Fellowship grant PF4-150120.		22	0	0	0	0	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	DIRAC HOUSE, TEMPLE BACK, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1742-6588	1742-6596		J PHYS CONF SER			2018	957								UNSP 012007	10.1088/1742-6596/957/1/012007			6	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BL6WE	WOS:000454719400007		Bronze			2020-09-09	
S	Gerosa, D		Meshkov, S		Gerosa, Davide			Surprises from the spins: astrophysics and relativity with detections of spinning black-hole mergers	12TH EDOARDO AMALDI CONFERENCE ON GRAVITATIONAL WAVES (AMALDI 12)	Journal of Physics Conference Series		English	Proceedings Paper	12th Edoardo Amaldi Conference on Gravitational Waves (AMALDI)	JUL 09-14, 2017	Pasadena, CA	Gravitat Wave Int Comm			EVOLUTION	Measurements of black-hole spins are of crucial importance to fulfill the promise of gravitational-wave astronomy. On the astrophysics side, spins are perhaps the cleanest indicator of black-hole evolutionary processes, thus providing a preferred way to discriminate how LIGO's black holes form. On the relativity side, spins are responsible for peculiar dynamical phenomena (from precessional modulations in the long inspiral to gravitational-wave recoils at merger) which encode precious information on the underlying astrophysical processes. I present some examples to explore this deep and fascinating interplay between spin dynamics (relativity) and environmental effects (astrophysics). Black-hole spins indeed hide remarkable surprises on both fronts: morphologies, resonances, constraints on supernova kicks, multiple merger generations and more...	[Gerosa, Davide] CALTECH, TAPIR 350 17, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Gerosa, D (corresponding author), CALTECH, TAPIR 350 17, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	dgerosa@caltech.edu		Gerosa, Davide/0000-0002-0933-3579	NASA through Einstein Postdoctoral Fellowship - Chandra X-ray Center [PF6-170152]; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NAS8-03060]	These findings were presented in a plenary talk at the 12th Edoardo Amaldi Conference on Gravitational Waves, following the awarding ceremony of the 2016 Stefano Braccini Thesis Prize. D.G. would like to thank the Gravitational Wave International Committee and all friends of Stefano Braccini for this award, and encourage future graduates to submit their Theses for consideration. D.G thanks E. Berti, M. Kesden, R. O'Shaughnessy, U. Sperhake, and D. Wysocki, who all contributed to the research presented in these proceedings. D.G. is supported by NASA through Einstein Postdoctoral Fellowship Grant No. PF6-170152 awarded by the Chandra X-ray Center, which is operated by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory for NASA under Contract NAS8-03060.		36	4	4	0	0	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	DIRAC HOUSE, TEMPLE BACK, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1742-6588	1742-6596		J PHYS CONF SER			2018	957								UNSP 012014	10.1088/1742-6596/957/1/012014			6	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	BL6WE	WOS:000454719400014		Bronze, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Haddad, ZS; Sy, OO; Stephens, GL; van den Heever, SC; Posselt, D		Im, E; Yang, S		Haddad, Ziad S.; Sy, Ousmane O.; Stephens, Graeme L.; van den Heever, Sue C.; Posselt, Derek			Atmospheric remote sensing with convoys of miniature radars	REMOTE SENSING OF THE ATMOSPHERE, CLOUDS, AND PRECIPITATION VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Remote Sensing of the Atmosphere, Clouds, and Precipitation VII	SEP 24-26, 2018	Honolulu, HI	SPIE, Natl Aeronaut & Space Adm, Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Chinese Acad Sci, State Key Lab Remote Sensing Sci, Minist Earth Sci		radar; convoy; convection; dynamics; cloud; miniature; smallsat		Recent technological advances have enabled the miniaturization of microwave instruments (radars and radiometers) so they can fit on very small satellites, with enough capability to measure atmospheric temperature, water vapor and clouds. The miniaturization makes these systems inexpensive enough to allow scientists to contemplate placing several examples in low-Earth orbit concurrently, to observe atmospheric dynamics in clouds and storms. To identify the most important weather and climate problems that can be addressed with these new observations, and to develop corresponding observation strategies using these "distributed" systems, specific analyses were conducted and used to justify "distributed" measurement requirements and quantify their expected performance. This presentation will describe the types of convoys, the expected observations, and their applications.	[Haddad, Ziad S.; Sy, Ousmane O.; Stephens, Graeme L.; Posselt, Derek] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [van den Heever, Sue C.] Colorado State Univ, Dept Atmospher Sci, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA	Haddad, ZS (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.							1	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2128-2	PROC SPIE			2018	10776								UNSP 107760I	10.1117/12.2500285			6	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Remote Sensing; Optics	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6XG	WOS:000454730900006					2020-09-09	
S	Lambrigtsen, B		Im, E; Yang, S		Lambrigtsen, Bjorn			Observing fast mesoscale atmospheric processes with a geostationary microwave sounder	REMOTE SENSING OF THE ATMOSPHERE, CLOUDS, AND PRECIPITATION VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Remote Sensing of the Atmosphere, Clouds, and Precipitation VII	SEP 24-26, 2018	Honolulu, HI	SPIE, Natl Aeronaut & Space Adm, Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Chinese Acad Sci, State Key Lab Remote Sensing Sci, Minist Earth Sci		Atmospheric sounding; geostationary; microwave; mesoscale; severe storms	TROPICAL CYCLONES	A geostationary microwave sounder, GeoSTAR, capable of providing continuous monitoring every 15 minutes of atmospheric temperature, water vapor, clouds, precipitation, and wind in the presence of clouds and precipitation, which will add tremendously to our ability to observe rapidly evolving dynamic atmospheric phenomena, such as hurricanes and severe storms, monsoonal moisture flow, and atmospheric rivers, has been developed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. GeoSTAR uses aperture synthesis to overcome the difficulty of attaining adequate spatial resolution from geostationary orbit. It is made possible with new technology that has now been developed and fully tested. Low-risk mission development can start as soon as funding becomes available. The sensor can be hosted on a commercial communications satellite, which could reduce the cost substantially Plans have been developed at JPL for such a mission, called "GeoStorm", focused on observing severe convective storms - tropical cyclones, mesoscale convective systems, and extratropical cyclones - with a goal of improving our understanding, modeling and prediction of these destructive phenomena. It can equally well be configured as an operational mission, where the goal is to collect data for immediate assimilation into regional forecast systems, provide "now-casting" as the storms unfold, and support post-disaster relief and recovery efforts. With key observables including vertical profiles of temperature, water vapor, wind and precipitation over a wide area, many focused applications are possible, particularly pertaining to aviation, transportation and marine operations, in both the civilian and defense domains.	[Lambrigtsen, Bjorn] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Lambrigtsen, B (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	bjorn.h.lambrigtsen@jpl.caltech.edu						10	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2128-2	PROC SPIE			2018	10776								UNSP 107760G	10.1117/12.2324048			8	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Remote Sensing; Optics	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6XG	WOS:000454730900005					2020-09-09	
J	He, SQ				He, Siqi			Rotationally invariant singular solutions to the Kapustin-Witten equations	MATHEMATICAL RESEARCH LETTERS			English	Article							CONNECTIONS; BOUNDS	In the present paper, we find a system of non-linear ODEs that gives rotationally invariant solutions to the Kapustin-Witten equations in 4-dimensional Euclidean space. We explicitly solve these ODEs in some special cases and find decaying rational solutions, which provide solutions to the Kapustin-Witten equations. The imaginary parts of the solutions are singular. By rescaling, we find some limit behavior for these singular solutions. In addition, for any integer k, we can construct a 5|k| dimensional family of C-1 solutions to the Kapustin-Witten equations on Euclidean space, again with singular imaginary parts. Moreover, we get solutions to the Kapustin-Witten equation with Nahm pole boundary condition over S-3 x (0, + infinity ).	[He, Siqi] CALTECH, Dept Math, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	He, SQ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Math, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	she@caltech.edu						13	1	1	0	0	INT PRESS BOSTON, INC	SOMERVILLE	PO BOX 43502, SOMERVILLE, MA 02143 USA	1073-2780	1945-001X		MATH RES LETT	Math. Res. Lett.		2018	25	4					1251	1284		10.4310/MRL.2018.v25.n4.a10			34	Mathematics	Mathematics	HF6SH	WOS:000454368100010		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Pagano, TS		Larar, AM; Suzuki, M; Wang, J		Pagano, Thomas S.			Concepts for next generation grating spectrometer imaging atmospheric sounders from LEO and GEO	MULTISPECTRAL, HYPERSPECTRAL, AND ULTRASPECTRAL REMOTE SENSING TECHNOLOGY, TECHNIQUES AND APPLICATIONS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Multispectral, Hyperspectral, and Ultraspectral Remote Sensing Technology, Techniques and Applications VII	SEP 24-26, 2018	Honolulu, HI	SPIE, Natl Aeronaut & Space Adm, Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Chinese Acad Sci, State Key Lab Remote Sensing Sci, Minist Earth Sci		sounder; hyperspectral; infrared; grating; spectrometer		Spaceborne infrared atmospheric sounders measure the spectrum of the upwelling radiance in the infrared with ultra-high spectral resolution. The resolution is sufficient to measure absorption features of atmospheric constituents enabling retrieval of atmospheric temperature and water vapor profiles, surface emission and atmospheric constituents. The Atmospheric Infrared Sounder (AIRS) on Aqua launched in May of 2002 was the first hyperspectral grating-based infrared sounder designed for this purpose and is still operational today. AIRS has been followed by the Infrared Atmospheric Sounding Interferometer (IASI) on MetOp A and B, and the Cross-track Infrared Sounder (CrIS) on Suomi NPP and JPSS. All instruments are operating well improving weather forecast and providing a wealth of information about the atmosphere. Additional CrIS and IASI instruments are expected to be launched providing data of this type into the late 2030's. AIRS, CrIS and IASI are all Low Earth Orbit (LEO) instruments with nominal spatial resolutions of 14km. Future IR sounders must achieve higher spatial and temporal resolution to match improvements in forecast models and be less costly to match anticipated future budget pressures. Higher temporal resolution can be achieved in several ways including operation in Geostationary Earth Orbit (GEO) or in constellations of LEO satellites. Higher spatial resolution can be achieved using larger format focal plane assemblies in the instruments and larger aperture telescopes. Grating spectrometers are well suited to large format FPAs by allowing a wide field of view in a compact package. They also provide long life and are easy to operate. Concepts for next generation grating spectrometer IR sounders that have been developed over the years at JPL are presented along with technology advancements made to enable these concepts to achieve their stated goals.	[Pagano, Thomas S.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Pagano, TS (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Thomas.S.Pagano@jpl.nasa.gov						16	0	0	0	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2136-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10780								UNSP 1078008	10.1117/12.2324606			10	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6OU	WOS:000454578000004					2020-09-09	
S	Lewis, SM; DeRose, GA; Alty, HR; Hunt, MS; Li, J; Werthiem, A; Fowler, T; Lee, SK; Muryn, CA; Timco, GA; Scherer, A; Yeates, SG; Winpenny, REP		Gallagher, EE; Rankin, JH		Lewis, Scott M.; DeRose, Guy A.; Alty, Hayden R.; Hunt, Matthew S.; Li, Jarvis; Werthiem, Alex; Fowler, Trevor; Lee, Sang Kook; Muryn, Christopher A.; Timco, Grigore A.; Scherer, Axel; Yeates, Stephen G.; Winpenny, Richard E. P.			Design and implementation of the next generation electron beam resists for the production of EUVL photomasks	PHOTOMASK TECHNOLOGY 2018	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	SPIE Photomask Technology Conference	SEP 17-19, 2018	Monterey, CA	SPIE, BACUS		Metal Organic electron beam resist; electron beam lithography; 3D Secondary and Auger electron Monte Carlo Simulation		A new class of resist materials has been developed that is based on a family of heterometallic rings. The work is founded on a Monte Carlo simulation that utilizes a secondary and Auger electron generation model to design resist materials for high resolution electron beam lithography. The resist reduces the scattering of incident electrons to obtain line structures that have a width of 15 nm on a 40 nm pitch. This comes at the expense of lowering the sensitivity of the resist, which results in the need for large exposure doses. Low sensitivity can be dramatically improved by incorporating appropriate functional alkene groups around the metal-organic core, for example by replacing the pivalate component with a methacrylate molecule. This increases the resist sensitivity by a factor of 22.6 and demonstrates strong agreement between the Monte Carlo simulation and the experimental results. After the exposure and development processes, what remains of the resist material is a metal-oxide that is extremely resistant to silicon dry etch conditions; the etch selectivity has been measured to be 61:1.	[Lewis, Scott M.; Alty, Hayden R.; Muryn, Christopher A.; Timco, Grigore A.; Yeates, Stephen G.; Winpenny, Richard E. P.] Univ Manchester, Sch Chem, Oxford Rd, Manchester M13 9PL, Lancs, England; [Lewis, Scott M.; Alty, Hayden R.; Muryn, Christopher A.; Timco, Grigore A.; Yeates, Stephen G.; Winpenny, Richard E. P.] Univ Manchester, Photon Sci Inst, Oxford Rd, Manchester M13 9PL, Lancs, England; [Lewis, Scott M.; DeRose, Guy A.; Hunt, Matthew S.; Li, Jarvis; Werthiem, Alex; Fowler, Trevor; Lee, Sang Kook; Scherer, Axel] CALTECH, Kavli Nanosci Inst, 1200 East Calif Blvd,107-81, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Lewis, SM; Winpenny, REP (corresponding author), Univ Manchester, Sch Chem, Oxford Rd, Manchester M13 9PL, Lancs, England.; Lewis, SM; Winpenny, REP (corresponding author), Univ Manchester, Photon Sci Inst, Oxford Rd, Manchester M13 9PL, Lancs, England.; Lewis, SM (corresponding author), CALTECH, Kavli Nanosci Inst, 1200 East Calif Blvd,107-81, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Slewis2@Caltech.edu			EPSRC(UK)Engineering & Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) [EP/R023158/1]; University of Manchester	We acknowledge the EPSRC(UK) for funding (grant EP/R023158/1). The University of Manchester also supported this work. The authors gratefully acknowledge critical support and infrastructure provided for this work by the Kavli Nanoscience Institute at Caltech.		16	0	0	0	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2216-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10810								UNSP 108100N	10.1117/12.2501808			11	Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL6OR	WOS:000454575200013		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Ng, RC; Greer, JR; Fountaine, KT		Adibi, A; Lin, SY; Scherer, A		Ng, Ryan C.; Greer, Julia R.; Fountaine, Katherine T.			Fabrication of Ultra-Thin Si Nanopillar Arrays for Polarization-Independent Spectral Filters in the Near-IR	PHOTONIC AND PHONONIC PROPERTIES OF ENGINEERED NANOSTRUCTURES VIII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Photonic and Phononic Properties of Engineered Nanostructures VIII	JAN 29-FEB 01, 2018	San Francisco, CA	SPIE		nanopillar array; guided mode resonance; spectral filters	AIRBORNE; SENSOR	Sub-wavelength arrays have garnered significant interest for many potential optoelectronics applications. We fabricated sub-wavelength silicon nanopillar arrays with a ratio of radius, r and a center-to-center distance, a, of r/a approximate to 0.2 that were fully embedded in SiO2 for narrow stopband filters that are compact and straightforward to fabricate compared to conventional Bragg stack reflectors. These arrays are well-suited for hyperspectral filtering applications in the infrared. They are ultra-thin (< 0.1 lambda), polarization-independent, and attain greater efficiencies enabled by low loss compared to plasmonic-based designs. The choice of Si as the nanopillar material stems from its low cost, high index of refraction, and a band gap of 1.1 eV near the edge of the visible. These arrays exhibit narrow near-unity reflectivity resonances that arise from coupling of an incident wave into a leaky waveguide mode via a grating vector that is subsequently reradiated, also known as guided mode resonances (GMRs). Simulations reveal reflectivities of >99% with full width at half maxima (FWHM) of approximate to 0.01 mu m. We demonstrate a fabrication route for obtaining nanopillar arrays that exhibit these GMRs. We experimentally observed a GMR with an amplitude of similar to 0.8 for filter arrays fabricated on silicon on insulator (SOI) substrates, combined with Fabry-Perot interference that stems from the underlying silicon layer.	[Ng, Ryan C.] CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Greer, Julia R.] CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Fountaine, Katherine T.] Northrop Grumman Corp, NG Next, One Space Pk, Redondo Beach, CA 90278 USA	Ng, RC (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							13	1	1	0	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1568-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10541								UNSP 105411D	10.1117/12.2286804			6	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Nanoscience & Nanotechnology; Optics; Physics, Applied	Engineering; Science & Technology - Other Topics; Optics; Physics	BL6KW	WOS:000454357000008		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Badescu, M; Bar-Cohen, Y; Sherrit, S; Bao, XQ; Jackson, S; Metz, B; Simonini, A; Zacny, K; Mellerowicz, B; Kim, D; Paulsen, GL		Sohn, H; Lynch, JP; Wang, KW		Badescu, Mircea; Bar-Cohen, Yoseph; Sherrit, Stewart; Bao, Xiaoqi; Jackson, Shannon; Metz, Brandon; Simonini, Alan; Zacny, Kris; Mellerowicz, Bolek; Kim, Daniel; Paulsen, Gale L.			Auto-Gopher-II - A wireline rotary-hammer ultrasonic drill that operates autonomously	SENSORS AND SMART STRUCTURES TECHNOLOGIES FOR CIVIL, MECHANICAL, AND AEROSPACE SYSTEMS 2018	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Sensors and Smart Structures Technologies for Civil, Mechanical, and Aerospace Systems	MAR 05-08, 2018	Denver, CA	SPIE, OZ Opt Ltd, Polytec Inc		Planetary sampling; piezoelectric devices; wireline drill; life detection	DRILLER/CORER	An important challenge of exploring the solar system is the ability to penetrate at great depths the subsurface of planetary bodies for sample collection. The requirements of the drilling system are minimal mass, volume and energy consumption. To address this challenge, a deep drill, called the Auto-Gopher II, is currently being developed as a joint effort between JPL's NDEAA laboratory and Honeybee Robotics Corp. The Auto-Gopher II is a wireline rotary-hammer drill that combines breaking formations by hammering using a piezoelectric actuator and removing the cuttings by rotating a fluted bit. The hammering is produced by the Ultrasonic/Sonic Drill/Corer (USDC) mechanism that has been developed by the JPL team as an adaptable tool for many drilling and coring applications. The USDC uses an intermediate free-flying mass to convert high frequency vibrations of a piezoelectric transducer horn tip into sonic hammering of the drill bit. The USDC concept was used in a previous task to develop an Ultrasonic/Sonic Ice Gopher and then integrated into a rotary hammer device to develop the Auto-Gopher-I. The lessons learned from these developments are being integrated into the development of the Auto-Gopher-II, an autonomous deep wireline drill with integrated cuttings and sample management and drive electronics. In this paper the latest development will be reviewed including the piezoelectric actuator, cuttings removal and retention flutes and drive electronics.	[Badescu, Mircea; Bar-Cohen, Yoseph; Sherrit, Stewart; Bao, Xiaoqi; Jackson, Shannon; Metz, Brandon; Simonini, Alan; Zacny, Kris; Mellerowicz, Bolek; Kim, Daniel; Paulsen, Gale L.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, MS 67-119,4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Badescu, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, MS 67-119,4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Mircea.Badescu@jpl.nasa.gov			NASA's MatISSE (Maturation of Instruments for Solar System Exploration) program	Research reported in this paper was conducted at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), California Institute of Technology, jointly with Honeybee Robotics under a contract with National Aeronautics Space Administration (NASA). This research is funded by the NASA's MatISSE (Maturation of Instruments for Solar System Exploration) program. The participation of Thomas Kutzer and Eduardo Salazar in assembling the transducer is acknowledged.		8	0	0	1	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1693-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10598								UNSP 105982W	10.1117/12.2294560			8	Engineering, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing; Optics	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6KT	WOS:000454355400078					2020-09-09	
S	Bao, XQ; Sherrit, S; Frez, CF; Rais-Zadeh, M		Sohn, H; Lynch, JP; Wang, KW		Bao, Xiaoqi; Sherrit, Stewart; Frez, Clifford F.; Rais-Zadeh, Mina			Micromechanical Broadband Infrared Sensors based on Piezoelectric Bending Resonators	SENSORS AND SMART STRUCTURES TECHNOLOGIES FOR CIVIL, MECHANICAL, AND AEROSPACE SYSTEMS 2018	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Sensors and Smart Structures Technologies for Civil, Mechanical, and Aerospace Systems	MAR 05-08, 2018	Denver, CA	SPIE, OZ Opt Ltd, Polytec Inc		MEMS; IR sensor; piezoelectric resonators; bending mode.		There is a high demand for high-performance and low-cost uncooled infrared (IR) detectors. In order to meet this need we are investigating the use of MEMS piezoelectric resonator technology using aluminum nitride (AlN) thin films. Recent research has shown that piezoelectric resonators have the potential to be used as a core element for highly sensitive, low-noise, and low-power uncooled IR detectors. A novel design of an AlN IR sensor based on piezoelectric bending resonator is described and analyzed in this paper. The detector is constructed by using thermally mismatched materials which stress the resonator and shift the resonance frequency. The IR thermal input is sensed by monitoring the frequency shift induced by the in-plan thermal stress. These designs have the potential for very high sensitivity and are compatible with commercially viable CMOS fabrication technology.	[Bao, Xiaoqi; Sherrit, Stewart; Frez, Clifford F.; Rais-Zadeh, Mina] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Rais-Zadeh, Mina] Univ Michigan, Dept Elect Engn, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA	Bao, XQ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	xbao@jpl.nasa.gov						8	0	0	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1693-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10598								UNSP 1059818	10.1117/12.2296743			8	Engineering, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing; Optics	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6KT	WOS:000454355400033					2020-09-09	
S	Lee, HJ; Bao, XQ; Sherrit, S; Bar-Cohen, Y; Badescu, M; Jackson, S		Sohn, H; Lynch, JP; Wang, KW		Lee, Hyeong Jae; Bao, Xiaoqi; Sherrit, Stewart; Bar-Cohen, Yoseph; Badescu, Mircea; Jackson, Shannon			Piezoelectric charging and wireless communication	SENSORS AND SMART STRUCTURES TECHNOLOGIES FOR CIVIL, MECHANICAL, AND AEROSPACE SYSTEMS 2018	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Sensors and Smart Structures Technologies for Civil, Mechanical, and Aerospace Systems	MAR 05-08, 2018	Denver, CA	SPIE, OZ Opt Ltd, Polytec Inc		Piezoelectric; remote-charging; wireless; composites; transducer		Modern medicine is undergoing a revolution in the application of new sensor capabilities for aiding in diagnosis of specific conditions and monitoring a variety of informative vital signs. In the past, many of the measurements were limited by what could be accomplished externally. A shift toward in-vivo monitoring for both diagnostic and therapeutic sensing and actuation [1] has created a need for low power electronics, high energy density batteries and methods to successfully power devices embedded in the body. For a review of the field and sensing capabilities see [2]. Recent studies suggest that charging with ultrasound is more efficient at longer transmission distance (> 10cm) than inductive charging [3]. In this manuscript, we discuss the modeling and experimentation that we have accomplished and demonstrate in ultrasonic charging of sensors having the form and fit of in-vivo sensors. The task goal has been to use piezoelectric transducers for wireless communication and powering of sensors internal to the human body with a goal to transmit power levels of 100 mu W a receiver with receiving area of 3x3 mm(2) over a distance of 16 cm equivalent to human body interior. The results suggest that we can transmit power levels that exceed this baseline requirement.	[Lee, Hyeong Jae; Bao, Xiaoqi; Sherrit, Stewart; Bar-Cohen, Yoseph; Badescu, Mircea; Jackson, Shannon] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91011 USA	Lee, HJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91011 USA.							12	0	0	0	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1693-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10598								UNSP 1059810	10.1117/12.2296645			13	Engineering, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing; Optics	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6KT	WOS:000454355400028					2020-09-09	
S	Brake, J; Ruan, HW; Robinson, JE; Liu, Y; Gradinaru, V; Yang, CH		Bifano, TG; Kubby, J; Gigan, S		Brake, Joshua; Ruan, Haowen; Robinson, J. Elliott; Liu, Yan; Gradinaru, Viviana; Yang, Changhuei			Time-reversed ultrasonically encoded (TRUE) focusing for deep-tissue optogenetic modulation	ADAPTIVE OPTICS AND WAVEFRONT CONTROL FOR BIOLOGICAL SYSTEMS IV	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics and Wavefront Control for Biological Systems IV	JAN 27-29, 2018	San Francisco, CA	SPIE		wavefront shaping; optogenetics; brain; time-reversed ultrasonically encoded (TRUE) focusing; time-reversal; scattering; biophotonics; optical phase conjugation	SCATTERING MEDIA; LIGHT	The problem of optical scattering was long thought to fundamentally limit the depth at which light could be focused through turbid media such as fog or biological tissue. However, recent work in the field of wavefront shaping has demonstrated that by properly shaping the input light field, light can be noninvasively focused to desired locations deep inside scattering media. This has led to the development of several new techniques which have the potential to enhance the capabilities of existing optical tools in biomedicine. Unfortunately, extending these methods to living tissue has a number of challenges related to the requirements for noninvasive guidestar operation, speed, and focusing fidelity. Of existing wavefront shaping methods, time-reversed ultrasonically encoded (TRUE) focusing is well suited for applications in living tissue since it uses ultrasound as a guidestar which enables noninvasive operation and provides compatibility with optical phase conjugation for high-speed operation. In this paper, we will discuss the results of our recent work to apply TRUE focusing for optogenetic modulation, which enables enhanced optogenetic stimulation deep in tissue with a 4-fold spatial resolution improvement in 800-micron thick acute brain slices compared to conventional focusing, and summarize future directions to further extend the impact of wavefront shaping technologies in biomedicine.	[Brake, Joshua; Ruan, Haowen; Liu, Yan; Yang, Changhuei] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Robinson, J. Elliott; Gradinaru, Viviana] CALTECH, Div Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Brake, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							25	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1490-1; 978-1-5106-1489-5	PROC SPIE			2018	10502								UNSP 1050210	10.1117/12.2288331			7	Microscopy; Optics	Microscopy; Optics	BL6FT	WOS:000453780200011		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Anderson, L; Swenson, C; Davidson, R; Mastropietro, AJ; Maghsoudi, E; Luong, S; Cappucci, S; Mckinley, I		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Anderson, L.; Swenson, C.; Davidson, R.; Mastropietro, A. J.; Maghsoudi, E.; Luong, S.; Cappucci, S.; Mckinley, I.			CubeSat Active Thermal Management in support of cooled electro-optical instrumentation for advanced atmospheric observing missions	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		Active Thermal Control; Mechanically Pumped Fluid Loop; Micro-Pump; Cryocooler; Ricor K508N; Ultrasonic Additive Manufacturing; SABER-Lite; CubeSat; SmallSat; Remote Sensing		The need for advanced cooled electro-optical instrumentation in remote observations of the atmosphere is well known and demonstrated by SABER on the TIMED mission. The relatively new use of small satellites in remote earth observing missions as, well as the challenges, are epitomized by the upcoming NOAA EON-IR 12U CubeSat missions. These advanced CubeSat missions, which hope to accomplish scientific objectives on the same scale as larger more traditional satellites, require advanced miniaturized cryocoolers and active methods for thermal management and power control. The active CryoCubeSat project (ACCS) is a demonstration of such a technology. Utilizing Ultrasonic Additive Manufacturing (UAM) techniques, a Mechanical Pumped Fluid Loop (MPFL), and miniature pumps and cryocoolers to create a closed loop fluid-based heat interchange system. The ACCS project creates a two-stage thermal control system targeting 6U CubeSat platforms. The first stage is composed of a miniature Ricor K508N cryocooler while the second is formed by a UAM fabricated heat exchanger MPFL system powered by a micro TCS M510 pump. The working fluid is exchanged between a built-in chassis heat exchanger and a deployable tracking radiator. This work details the theory design and testing of a relevant ground-based prototype and the analysis and modeling of the results as well as the development of a design tool to help in customized active thermal control designs for small satellites. Ultimately, the ACCS project hopes to enable a new generation of advanced CubeSat atmospheric observing missions.	[Anderson, L.; Swenson, C.; Davidson, R.] Utah State Univ, 4130 Old Main Hill, Logan, UT 84321 USA; [Mastropietro, A. J.; Maghsoudi, E.; Luong, S.; Cappucci, S.; Mckinley, I.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Anderson, L (corresponding author), Utah State Univ, 4130 Old Main Hill, Logan, UT 84321 USA.			McKinley, Ian/0000-0002-2572-9346				17	0	0	3	5	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 1076907	10.1117/12.2321959			15	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500005		Green Published			2020-09-09	
S	Bender, HA; Mouroulis, P; Bellardo, JM; Gillespie, CT; Heaton, GJ; Fernandez, MA; Sizemore, NN; Andrade, A; Liggett, EH; Sullivan, P; Keymeulen, D; Smith, CD; Gibson, M		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Bender, Holly A.; Mouroulis, Pantazis; Bellardo, John M.; Gillespie, Cole T.; Heaton, Grigory J.; Fernandez, Michael A.; Sizemore, Nicholas N.; Andrade, Andres; Liggett, Elliott H.; Sullivan, Peter; Keymeulen, Didier; Smith, Christopher D.; Gibson, Megan			Snow and Water Imaging Spectrometer (SWIS): CubeSat configuration and design	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		imaging spectroscopy; Dyson spectrometer; CubeSat; coastal ocean; snow; ice	OPTICAL DESIGN; SPECTROSCOPY	The Snow and Water Imaging Spectrometer (SWIS) is a science-grade imaging spectrometer and telescope system suitable for CubeSat applications, spanning a 350-1700 nm spectral range with 5.7 nm sampling, a 10 degree field of view and 0.3 mrad spatial resolution. The system operates at F/1.8, providing high throughput for low-reflectivity water surfaces, while avoiding saturation over bright snow or clouds. The SWIS design utilizes heritage from previously demonstrated instruments on airborne platforms, while advancing the state of the art in compact sensors of this kind in terms of size and spectral coverage. We provide an overview of the preliminary spacecraft configuration design for accommodation in a 6U CubeSat platform.	[Bender, Holly A.; Mouroulis, Pantazis; Andrade, Andres; Liggett, Elliott H.; Sullivan, Peter; Keymeulen, Didier] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Bellardo, John M.; Gillespie, Cole T.; Heaton, Grigory J.; Fernandez, Michael A.; Sizemore, Nicholas N.] Calif Polytech State Univ San Luis Obispo, San Luis Obispo, CA 93407 USA; [Smith, Christopher D.; Gibson, Megan] Sierra Lobo Inc, Pasadena, CA USA	Bender, HA (corresponding author), Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr,MS 306-392, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	holly.a.bender@jpl.nasa.gov						32	0	0	1	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 107690B	10.1117/12.2320809			13	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500007					2020-09-09	
S	Clark, P; MacDowall, R; Farrell, W; Brambora, C; Lunsford, A; Hurford, T; Folta, D; Malphrus, B; Grubb, M; Wilzcewski, S; Bujold, E		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Clark, Pamela; MacDowall, Robert; Farrell, William; Brambora, Cliff; Lunsford, Al; Hurford, Terry; Folta, David; Malphrus, Benjamin; Grubb, Matt; Wilzcewski, Sarah; Bujold, Emily			Nature of and Lessons Learned from Lunar Ice Cube and the First Deep Space Cubesat 'Cluster'	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		Moon; cubesats; volatiles; Broadband IR; Neutrons; Laser; lunarcubes; lunar orbiters; 6U; EM1	WATER	Cubesats operating in deep space face challenges Earth-orbiting cubesats do not. 15 deep space cubesat 'prototypes'will be launched over the next two years including the two MarCO cubesats, the 2018 demonstration of dual communication system at Mars, and the 13 diverse cubesats being deployed from the SLS EM1 mission within the next two years. Three of the EM1 cubesat missions, including the first deep space cubesat 'cluster', will be lunar orbiters with remote sensing instruments for lunar surface/regolith measurements. These include: Lunar Ice Cube, with its 1-4 micron broadband IR spectrometer, BIRCHES, to determine volatile distribution as a function of time of day; Lunar Flashlight, to confirm the presence of surface ice at the lunar poles, utilizing an active source (laser), and looking for absorption features in the returning signal; and LunaH-Map to characterize ice at or below the surface at the poles with a compact neutron spectrometer. In addition, the BIRCHES instrument on Lunar Ice Cube will provide the first demonstration of a microcryocooler (AIM/IRIS) in deep space. Although not originally required to do so, all will be delivering science data to the Planetary Data System, the first formal archiving effort for cubesats. 4 of the 20 recently NASA-sponsored (PSDS3) study groups for deep space cubesat/smallsat mission concepts were lunar mission concepts, most involving 12U cubesats. NASA SIMPLEX 2/SALMON 3 AO will create ongoing opportunities for low-cost missions as 'rides'on government space program or private sector vehicles as these become available.	[Clark, Pamela; Wilzcewski, Sarah; Bujold, Emily] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [MacDowall, Robert; Farrell, William; Brambora, Cliff; Lunsford, Al; Hurford, Terry; Folta, David] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, 8800 Greenbelt Rd, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Malphrus, Benjamin] Morehead State Univ, Space Sci Ctr, Morehead, KY 40351 USA; NASA IV & V, Fairmont, WV 26554 USA	Clark, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Pamela.E.Clark@jpl.nasa.gov						22	0	0	2	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 107690G	10.1117/12.2320055			13	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500010					2020-09-09	
S	Clark, P; Hewagama, T; Aslam, S; Bauer, J; Daly, M; Feaga, L; Folta, D; Gorius, N; Hughes, K; Hurford, T; Jennings, D; Livengood, T; Mumma, M; Nixon, C; Sunshine, J; Villanueva, G; Brown, K; Malphrus, B; Zucherman, A		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Clark, Pamela; Hewagama, Tilak; Aslam, Shahid; Bauer, James; Daly, Michael; Feaga, Lori; Folta, Dave; Gorius, Nicolas; Hughes, Kyle; Hurford, Terry; Jennings, Donald; Livengood, Tim; Mumma, Michael; Nixon, Conor; Sunshine, Jessica; Villanueva, Geronimo; Brown, Kevin; Malphrus, Ben; Zucherman, Aaron			Overview of Primitive Object Volatile ExploCreurb (PrOVE) Smallsat Concept	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		cubesat; smallsat; comet; Oort Cloud; volatiles; flyby; Lagrange points	KUIPER-BELT; COMETS; SPECTRUM; EMISSION; CAPTURE; CLOUD	Here we describe the Primitive Object Volatile Explorer (PrOVE), a smallsatmission concept to study the surface structure and volatile inventory of comets in their perihelion passage phase when volatile activity is near peak. CubeSat infrastructure imposes limits on propulsion systems, which are compounded by sensitivity to the spacecraft disposal state from the launch platform and potential launch delays. We propose circumventing launch platform complications by using waypoints in space to park a deep space SmallSat or CubeSat while awaiting the opportunity to enter a trajectory to flyby a suitable target. In our Planetary Science Deep Space SmallSat Studies (PSDS3) project, we investigated scientific goals, waypoint options, potential concept of operations (ConOps) for periodic and new comets, spacecraft bus infrastructure requirements, launch platforms, and mission operations and phases. Our payload would include two low-risk instruments: a visible image (VisCAM) for 5-10 m resolution surface maps; and a highly versatile multispectral Comet CAMera (ComCAM) will measure 1) H2O, CO2, CO, and organics non-thermal fluorescence signatures in the 2-5 mu m MWIR, and 2) 7-10 and 8-14 mu m thermal (LWIR) emission. This payload would return unique data not obtainable from ground-based telescopes and complement data from Earth-orbiting observatories. Thus, the PrOVE mission would (1) acquire visible surface maps, (2) investigate chemical heterogeneity of a comet nucleus by quantifying volatile species abundance and changes with solar insolation, (3) map the spatial distribution of volatiles and determine any variations, and (4) determine the frequency and distribution of outbursts.	[Clark, Pamela] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Hewagama, Tilak; Bauer, James; Feaga, Lori; Livengood, Tim; Sunshine, Jessica] Univ Maryland, College Pk, MD 20742 USA; [Hewagama, Tilak; Aslam, Shahid; Folta, Dave; Hughes, Kyle; Hurford, Terry; Jennings, Donald; Livengood, Tim; Mumma, Michael; Nixon, Conor; Villanueva, Geronimo] NASA, GSFC, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Daly, Michael] York Univ, Toronto, ON, Canada; [Gorius, Nicolas] Catholic Univ Amer, Washington, DC 20064 USA; [Brown, Kevin; Malphrus, Ben; Zucherman, Aaron] Morehead State Univ, Morehead, KY 40351 USA	Clark, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Pamela.E.Clark@jpl.nasa.gov	Nixon, Conor A/A-8531-2009	Nixon, Conor A/0000-0001-9540-9121; Daly, Michael/0000-0002-3733-2530	NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [16-PSDS316-0009]	This material based on work supported by NASA under 16-PSDS316-0009 issued through the Planetary Science Deep Space SmallSat Studies Program. Portion of work at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology under contract with NASA. The information in this document is pre-decisional and is for information and discussion purposes only. (c) 2018. All rights reserved. Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement by the United States Government or the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology.		36	0	0	1	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 107690J	10.1117/12.2321264			9	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500013					2020-09-09	
S	Clark, P; Collier, M; Schaible, M; Farrell, WM; Folta, D; Hughes, KM; Keller, JW; Malphrus, B; Rivkin, AS; Murchie, S; Hurley, D; Halekas, J; Vondrak, R; Stubbs, T; Killen, R; Sarantos, M; Jones, SL; Espley, J; Dibraccio, G		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Clark, Pamela; Collier, Michael; Schaible, Micah; Farrell, William M.; Folta, David; Hughes, Kyle M.; Keller, John W.; Malphrus, Ben; Rivkin, Andrew S.; Murchie, Scott; Hurley, Dana; Halekas, Jasper; Vondrak, Richard; Stubbs, Timothy; Killen, Rosemary; Sarantos, Menelaos; Jones, Sarah L.; Espley, Jared; Dibraccio, Gina			Overview of Phobos/Deimos Regolith Ion Sample Mission (PRISM) Concept	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		cubesat; 12U; SIMS; Phobos; Deimos; composition; origin	SOLAR-WIND; LUNAR-SURFACE; SMALL BODIES; PHOBOS; HETEROGENEITY; METEORITE; DEIMOS; MAVEN	Far more definitive information on composition is required to resolve the question of origin for the Martian moons Phobos and Deimos. Current infrared spectra of the objects are inconclusive due to the lack of strong diagnostic features. Definitive compositional measurements of Phobos could be obtained using in-situ X-ray, gamma-ray, or neutron spectroscopy or collecting and returning samples to Earth for analysis. We have proposed, in lieu of those methods, to derive Phobos and Deimos compositional data from secondary ion mass spectrometry (SIMS) measurements by calibrating the instrument to elemental abundance measurements made for known samples in the laboratory. We describe the Phobos/Deimos Regolith Ion Sample Mission (PRISM) concept here. PRISM utilizes a high-resolution TOF plasma composition analyzer to make SIMS measurements by observing the sputtered species from various locations of the moons' surfaces. In general, the SIMS technique and ion mass spectrometers complement and expand quadrupole mass spectrometer measurements by collecting ions that have been energized to higher energies, 50-100 eV, and making measurements at very low densities and pressures. Furthermore, because the TOF technique accepts all masses all the time, it obtains continuous measurements and does not require stepping through masses. The instrument would draw less than 10 W and weigh less than 5 kg. The spacecraft, nominally a radiation-hardened 12U CubeSat, would use a low-thrust Solar Electric Propulsion system to send it on a two-year journey to Mars, where it would co-orbit with Deimos and then Phobos at distances as low as 27 km.	[Clark, Pamela] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Clark, Pamela; Collier, Michael; Farrell, William M.; Keller, John W.; Hurley, Dana; Halekas, Jasper; Vondrak, Richard; Stubbs, Timothy; Killen, Rosemary; Sarantos, Menelaos] Ames Res Ctr, SSERVI, DREAM2, Mountain View, CA 94035 USA; [Collier, Michael; Farrell, William M.; Folta, David; Hughes, Kyle M.; Keller, John W.; Vondrak, Richard; Stubbs, Timothy; Killen, Rosemary; Sarantos, Menelaos; Jones, Sarah L.; Espley, Jared; Dibraccio, Gina] NASA, GSFC, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Schaible, Micah] Georgia Inst Technol, Atlanta, GA 30332 USA; [Malphrus, Ben] Morehead State Univ, Morehead, KY 40351 USA; [Rivkin, Andrew S.; Murchie, Scott; Hurley, Dana] JHU, APL, Laurel, MD USA; [Halekas, Jasper] Univ Iowa, Iowa City, IA USA	Clark, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Clark, P (corresponding author), Ames Res Ctr, SSERVI, DREAM2, Mountain View, CA 94035 USA.	Pamela.E.Clark@jpl.nasa.gov	Stubbs, Timothy/I-5139-2013; Stubbs, Timothy/AAO-5357-2020; Sarantos, Menelaos/O-6644-2019; Hurley, Dana M/F-4488-2015; Murchie, Scott L/E-8030-2015	Stubbs, Timothy/0000-0002-5524-645X; Stubbs, Timothy/0000-0002-5524-645X; Sarantos, Menelaos/0000-0003-0728-2971; Hurley, Dana M/0000-0003-1052-1494; Murchie, Scott L/0000-0002-1616-8751	NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [16-PSDS316-0009]	This material based on work supported by NASA under 16-PSDS316-0009 issued through the Planetary Science Deep Space SmallSat Studies Program. Portion of work at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology under contract with NASA. The information in this document is pre-decisional and is for information and discussion purposes only. (c) 2018. All rights reserved.		36	1	1	1	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 107690I	10.1117/12.2322415			10	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500012					2020-09-09	
S	Joyce, MJ; Dahl, LB; Sposto, L		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Joyce, Michael J.; Dahl, Luke B.; Sposto, Lorraine			Advanced Multi-Mission Operations System Instrument Toolkit: An open source instrument and small satellite operations toolkit	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		Ground Data System; Open Source		Instrument and small satellite missions often lack the budget, engineers, or experience to develop their own ground data and mission operations systems. The Advanced Multi-Mission Operations System (AMMOS) Instrument Toolkit (AIT) is an open source toolkit developed in support of International Space Station and small satellite missions at NASA with the intention of providing critical capabilities for mission development and operations in a light-weight and easily configured suite of tools. AIT provides capabilities for commanding and sequencing, telemetry processing, scripting via a Python API, Deep Space Network SLE interfaces, and a web-based API and user interface for near real time operations monitoring. AIT aims for installation and configuration simplicity and keeps dependency requirements to a minimum, allowing for the toolkit to be installed and setup in only a few simple steps. Additionally, AIT is licensed under the permissive MIT license and available via public source control systems for ease of adoption and interagency collaboration.	[Joyce, Michael J.; Dahl, Luke B.; Sposto, Lorraine] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Joyce, MJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.							15	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 1076914	10.1117/12.2320596			7	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500029					2020-09-09	
S	Pagano, TS; Abesamis, C; Andrade, A; Aumann, H; Gunapala, S; Heneghan, C; Jarnot, R; Johnson, D; Lamborn, A; Maruyama, Y; Rafol, S; Raouf, N; Rider, D; Ting, D; Wilson, D; Yee, K; Cole, J; Good, B; Kampe, T; Soto, J; Adams, A; Buckley, M; Graham, R; Nicol, F; Vengel, T; Moore, J; Coleman, T; Schneider, S; Esser, C; Inlow, S; Sanders, D; Hansen, K; Zeigler, M; Dumont, C; Walter, R; Piacentine, J		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Pagano, Thomas S.; Abesamis, Carlo; Andrade, Andres; Aumann, Hartmut; Gunapala, Sarath; Heneghan, Cate; Jarnot, Robert; Johnson, Dean; Lamborn, Andy; Maruyama, Yuki; Rafol, Sir; Raouf, Nasrat; Rider, David; Ting, Dave; Wilson, Dan; Yee, Karl; Cole, Jerold; Good, Bill; Kampe, Tom; Soto, Juancarlos; Adams, Arn; Buckley, Matt; Graham, Richard; Nicol, Fred; Vengel, Tony; Moore, John; Coleman, Thomas; Schneider, Steve; Esser, Chris; Inlow, Scott; Sanders, Devon; Hansen, Karl; Zeigler, Matt; Dumont, Charles; Walter, Rebecca; Piacentine, Joe			Technology development in support of hyperspectral infrared atmospheric sounding in a CubeSat	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE				Hyperspectral infrared sounding in a CubeSat will provide a new dimension to the current suite of IR sounders by allowing measurements at multiple times of day and enabling formation flying of IR sounders for new data products such as Atmospheric Motion Vector (AMV) winds. This paper focuses on technology development during the CubeSat Infrared Atmospheric Sounder (CIRAS) project sponsored by the NASA Earth Science Technology Office (ESTO), and coincident studies by the NOAA Office of Projects, Planning, and Analysis (OPPA). The CIRAS approach incorporates key new instrument technologies developed at JPL's Microdevices Lab (MDL) including a 2D array of High Operating Temperature Barrier Infrared Detector (HOT-BIRD) material, selected for its high uniformity, low cost, low noise and higher operating temperatures than traditional materials. The second key technology is an MWIR Grating Spectrometer (MGS) designed by Ball Aerospace with a JPL MDL slit and immersion grating to provide hyperspectral infrared imaging in a CubeSat volume. The third key technology is a blackbody calibration target fabricated with MDL's black silicon to have very high emissivity in a flat plate construction. JPL has completed design and breadboard of the mechanical, electronic and thermal subsystems for CIRAS payload including a HOT-BIRD FPA, with filters in a dewar and a breadboard of the electronics and scan mirror assembly. Blue Canyon Technologies, developer of the CIRAS 6U CubeSat, completed the Final Design Review for the spacecraft.	[Pagano, Thomas S.; Abesamis, Carlo; Andrade, Andres; Aumann, Hartmut; Gunapala, Sarath; Heneghan, Cate; Jarnot, Robert; Johnson, Dean; Lamborn, Andy; Maruyama, Yuki; Rafol, Sir; Raouf, Nasrat; Rider, David; Ting, Dave; Wilson, Dan; Yee, Karl] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Cole, Jerold; Good, Bill; Kampe, Tom; Soto, Juancarlos] Ball Aerosp & Technol Corp, Boulder, CO 80301 USA; [Adams, Arn; Buckley, Matt; Graham, Richard; Nicol, Fred; Vengel, Tony; Moore, John; Coleman, Thomas] IRCameras, Santa Barbara, CA 93103 USA; [Schneider, Steve; Esser, Chris; Inlow, Scott; Sanders, Devon; Hansen, Karl; Zeigler, Matt; Dumont, Charles; Walter, Rebecca; Piacentine, Joe] Blue Canyon Technol, Boulder, CO 80301 USA	Pagano, TS (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Thomas.S.Pagano@jpl.nasa.gov			NASA Earth Science Technology Office	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The authors would like to thank our sponsors at NASA Earth Science Technology Office including George Komar, Pam Millar, Charles Norton, and Sachidananda Babu for their leadership and support. We would like to thank the NOAA Office of Projects, Planning and Analysis (OPPA), in particular Margaret Caulfield, David Furlong, Dan Mamula, Joanne Ostroy and Jacob Inskeep, for collaborating with us on their Earth Observing Nanosatellite-Infrared (EON-IR) design study. In particular much of the work presented here in the electronics, scanning and thermal design was performed for the EON-IR study and was directly applicable to CIRAS.		11	0	0	2	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 1076906	10.1117/12.2320911			14	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500004					2020-09-09	
S	Shah, R; Freeman, T; Garrison, JL		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Shah, Rashmi; Freeman, Tony; Garrison, James L.			Constellations of CubeSats to exploit Signals-of-Opportunity for Earth System Science	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		CubeSat constellations; microwave remote sensing; signals of opportunity; bistatic radar; Earth Science	L-BAND; ALTIMETRY; OCEAN; RFI; INTERFEROMETRY; GEOSTATIONARY	Signals-of-Opportunity (SoOp) reflectometry is a concept for reutilizing existing microwave satellite transmissions, in bands allocated for space-to-Earth communications and navigation, for the purpose of Earth remote sensing. SoOp uses a bistatic radar geometry employing forward scatter, which views Earth differently from traditional monostatic (backscatter) radars and radiometers. Additionally, SoOp enables use of microwave frequencies outside the limited number of narrow and protected bands allocated for remote sensing. A powerful example of the science returns achievable using SoOp is currently being demonstrated on orbit by the NASA's Cyclone Global Navigation Satellite System (CYGNSS) mission, which measures ocean surface wind speed using reflected Global Positioning System (GPS) signals. Over the past decade we have seen a growing number of communication and navigation signals coming into existence spanning the range of frequencies from Very High Frequency (VHF) to K Bands, which could be used to measure different variables using wavelengths optimally suited to specific interactions with the Earth system, including: Soil Moisture; Sea Surface Height; Ocean Vector Winds; Snow Water Equivalent; Root Zone Soil Moisture; and Vegetation Water Content. The use of SoOp for earth remote sensing could enable these measurements from small passive receivers in Low Earth Orbit (LEO) on CubeSat constellations to improve the temporal frequency of the observations. This paper describes different architectures of CubeSats constellations that could be used to measure different science measurements as well as identifying some of the challenges of the SoOp technique.	[Shah, Rashmi; Freeman, Tony] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Garrison, James L.] Purdue Univ, W Lafayette, IN 47907 USA	Shah, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Rashmi.shah@jpl.nasa.gov	Freeman, Anthony/AAI-8302-2020					39	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 107690D	10.1117/12.2319863			12	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500009					2020-09-09	
S	Shao, M; Zhou, HY; Turyshev, SG; Zhai, CX; Saini, N		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Shao, Michael; Zhou, Hanying; Turyshev, Slava G.; Zhai, Chengxing; Saini, Navtej			A Constellation of MicroSats to Search for NEOs	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		near-Earth objects (NEO); synthetic tracking; simulations		Large or even medium sized asteroids impacting the Earth can cause damage on a global scale. Existing and planned concepts for finding near-Earth objects (NEOs) with diameter of 140 m or larger would take similar to 15-20 years of observation to find similar to 90% of them. This includes both ground and space based projects. For smaller NEOs (similar to 50-70 m in diameter), the time scale is many decades. The reason it takes so long to detect these objects is because most of the NEOs have highly elliptical orbits that bring them into the inner solar system once per orbit. If these objects cross the Earth's orbit when the Earth is on the other side of the Sun, they will not be detected by facilities on or around the Erath. A constellation of MicroSats in orbit around the Sun can dramatically reduce the time needed to find 90% of NEOs similar to 100-140 m in diameter.	[Shao, Michael; Zhou, Hanying; Turyshev, Slava G.; Zhai, Chengxing; Saini, Navtej] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Shao, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.		Turyshev, Slava G/J-9286-2013	Turyshev, Slava/0000-0003-4255-9497	B612 Foundation; U.S. Government	This work in part was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and in part from a grant from the B612 Foundation. (c) 2018 California Institute of Technology. U.S. Government sponsorship acknowledged.		5	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 107690K	10.1117/12.2322414			7	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500014					2020-09-09	
S	Wehmeier, U; Vinckier, Q; Sellar, RG; Paine, CG; Hayne, PO; Bagheri, M; Rais-Zadeh, M; Forouhar, S; Loveland, J; Shelton, J		Pagano, TS; Norton, CD		Wehmeier, Udo; Vinckier, Quentin; Sellar, R. Glenn; Paine, Christopher G.; Hayne, Paul O.; Bagheri, Mahmood; Rais-Zadeh, Mina; Forouhar, Siamak; Loveland, Jessica; Shelton, Jacob			The Lunar Flashlight CubeSat instrument: A compact SWIR laser reflectometer to quantify and map water ice on the surface of the Moon	CUBESATS AND NANOSATS FOR REMOTE SENSING II	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on CubeSats and NanoSats for Remote Sensing II	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		CubeSat; Lunar Flashlight; reflectometer; laser; radiometry; remote sensing	POLAR-REGIONS	The Lunar Flashlight (LF) mission will send a CubeSat to lunar orbit via NASA's Space Launch System (SLS) test flight. The LF spacecraft will carry a novel instrument to quantify and map water ice harbored in the permanently shadowed craters of the lunar South Pole. The LF instrument, an active multi-band reflectometer which employs four high power diode lasers in the 1-2 mu m infrared band, will measure the reflectance of the lunar surface near water ice absorption peaks. We present the detailed instrument design and system engineering required to deploy this instrument within very demanding CubeSat resource allocations.	CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Hayne, Paul O.] Univ Colorado, 391 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309 USA	Hayne, PO (corresponding author), Univ Colorado, 391 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309 USA.				Advanced Exploration Systems program in the Human Exploration and Operations (HEO) mission directorate of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)	The Lunar Flashlight mission is funded by the Advanced Exploration Systems program in the Human Exploration and Operations (HEO) mission directorate of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). We acknowledge the contributions of our partners Coherent DILAS Diode Laser, Inc, Sierra Lobo, Inc., Photon Engineering, LLC, and KULR Technology, Inc. Part of this work was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with NASA.		35	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2110-7	PROC SPIE			2018	10769								UNSP 107690H	10.1117/12.2320643			17	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HO	WOS:000453916500011					2020-09-09	
S	Pagano, TS; Aumann, HH; Broberg, S; Manning, E; Overoye, K; Weiler, MH		Xiong, X; Kimura, T		Pagano, Thomas S.; Aumann, Hartmut H.; Broberg, Steve; Manning, Evan; Overoye, Kenneth; Weiler, Margaret H.			Updates to the Absolute Radiometric Accuracy of the AIRS on Aqua	EARTH OBSERVING MISSIONS AND SENSORS: DEVELOPMENT, IMPLEMENTATION, AND CHARACTERIZATION V	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Earth Observing Missions and Sensors: Development, Implementation, and Characterization V	SEP 25-26, 2018	Honolulu, HI	SPIE, Natl Aeronaut & Space Adm, Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Chinese Acad Sci, State Key Lab Remote Sensing Sci, Minist Earth Sci		AIRS; hyperspectral infrared; absolute; radiometric; calibration		The Atmospheric Infrared Sounder (AIRS) on the EOS Aqua Spacecraft was launched on May 4, 2002. The AIRS was designed to measure atmospheric temperature and water vapor profiles and has demonstrated exceptional radiometric and spectral accuracy and stability in-orbit. The accuracy is achieved by transferring the calibration from a Large Area Blackbody (LABB) to the On-Board Calibrator (OBC) blackbody during preflight testing and frequent on-board calibration. The LABB theoretical emissivity is in excess of 0.9999 and temperature uncertainty is less than +/- 60 mK. The LABB emitted radiance is NIST traceable through thermistors located on the internal surfaces. The AIRS also provides a full aperture space view every scan for offset calibration. AIRS nonlinearity and polarization calibration coefficients were based on pre-flight testing and have been among the highest uncertainty sources in the calibration. A recent method using on-board space view data has reduced the uncertainty of the polarization coefficients and use of separate A side and B side data from pre-flight testing has reduced the uncertainty of the nonlinearity estimates. An update to the system radiometric uncertainty is made based on the new data and includes other refinements and is presented in this paper. This paper does not address the stability of the AIRS radiances in orbit that is usually determined by comparison with surface observations.	[Pagano, Thomas S.; Aumann, Hartmut H.; Broberg, Steve; Manning, Evan] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Overoye, Kenneth; Weiler, Margaret H.] BAE Syst, Nashua, NH 03064 USA	Pagano, TS (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Thomas.S.Pagano@jpl.nasa.gov						10	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2138-1	PROC SPIE			2018	10781								UNSP 107810P	10.1117/12.2324605			7	Engineering, Aerospace; Remote Sensing; Optics	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HM	WOS:000453913300011					2020-09-09	
S	Aumann, HH; Manning, EM; Broberg, S		Butler, JJ; Xiong, X; Gu, X		Aumann, Hartmut H.; Manning, Evan M.; Broberg, Steve			Radiometric Stability in 16 years of AIRS hyperspectral infrared data	EARTH OBSERVING SYSTEMS XXIII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Earth Observing Systems XXIII	AUG 21-23, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		hyperspectral; infrared sounder; climate; Deep Convective Clouds; Dome Concordia		With global warming at the rate of 10 mK/yr, it is important to carefully characterize instrument related trends, if the AIRS data are used for climate change research. We evaluated the stability of the AIRS Level 1B version 5 calibration for seven atmospheric window channels between 2002 and 2018 under clear ocean clear conditions. We do this by analyzing the trend in the difference between the observed brightness temperatures and those calculated based on the daily Sea Surface Temperature product provided by NOAA. Trends for the- 961, 1128 and 1231 cm(-1) channels are close to +3 mK/yr, at 790 and 901 cm(-1) thetrends are 6 mK/yr. For all observation the AIRS window channels read increasingly warmer. The observed trends are day/night consistent and insensitive to changes in the clear filter. The effects of scattering due to scan mirror contamination are evident at 2508 and 2616 cm(-1) for extremely cold scenes surrounded by warm scenes, but scattering does not produces the observed warming trends for warm scenes. It is possible that much of the observed warming in the AIRS window channels is due to a shift in the day/night and skin effect corrections, which was not accounted for in our analysis. This would be a new geophysical effect related to the warming of the oceans, which requires more careful evaluation.	[Aumann, Hartmut H.; Manning, Evan M.; Broberg, Steve] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Aumann, HH (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.							7	1	1	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2100-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10764								UNSP 107640O	10.1117/12.2320727			7	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HQ	WOS:000453920100021					2020-09-09	
S	Manning, EM; Aumann, HH; Kahn, BH		Butler, JJ; Xiong, X; Gu, X		Manning, Evan M.; Aumann, Hartmut H.; Kahn, Brian H.			Stratified radiometric means for the evaluation of AIRS and CrIS	EARTH OBSERVING SYSTEMS XXIII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Earth Observing Systems XXIII	AUG 21-23, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		AIRS; CrIS; CrIMSS; hyperspectral sounding		There are now five hyperspectral infrared sounders in orbit (AIRS, two CrIS instruments, two IASI instruments). A long-term record spanning these instruments and continuing forward with future instruments holds great promise for the study of weather and climate. This long-term record must separate the effects of instrument artifacts and weather variability. We introduce the "StratRad" stratified radiance means product, containing means of groups of spectra for AIRS on Aqua and CrIS on SNPP. We show how this product can be used both to illuminate instrument artifacts and to study common observations of weather patterns at an accuracy of better than 0.1 K. Radiances are stratified by latitude, longitude, day/night, land/sea, and observation angle.	[Manning, Evan M.; Aumann, Hartmut H.; Kahn, Brian H.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Manning, EM (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Evan.M.Manning@JPL.NASA.gov						7	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2100-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10764								UNSP 107640P	10.1117/12.2320719			14	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HQ	WOS:000453920100022					2020-09-09	
S	Pagano, TS; Manning, EM; Broberg, SE; Aumann, H; Weiler, M; Strow, L		Butler, JJ; Xiong, X; Gu, X		Pagano, Thomas S.; Manning, Evan M.; Broberg, Steven E.; Aumann, Hartmut; Weiler, Margie; Strow, Larrabee			Reducing uncertainty in the AIRS radiometric calibration	EARTH OBSERVING SYSTEMS XXIII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Earth Observing Systems XXIII	AUG 21-23, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		AIRS; hyperspectral infrared; absolute; radiometric; calibration		The Atmospheric Infrared Sounder (AIRS) radiometric calibration coefficients convert the counts measured from the instruments A/D converters (Level 1A) to SI traceable radiance units (Level 1B). The calibration equations are based on how the instrument operates and follow a simple second order relationship between counts and radiance. Terms are included to account for nonlinearity of the detectors, emissivity and temperature knowledge of the on-board calibrator (OBC) blackbody and radiometric offset due to coupling of the polarization of the scan mirror with the spectrometer. In this paper, we re-derive the radiometric calibration equation with a little more rigor and account for the view angle of each of the 4 space views. We then derive new polarization coefficients from the 4 space views over the mission and use them re-derive the coefficients for blackbody emissivity and nonlinearity. We then compare new coefficients (Version 7k) with the latest operational version of the AIRS radiometric calibration coefficients (Version 5). The AIRS Version 5 coefficients were sufficiently adequate that an update has never been made since AIRS launch in 2002. However, it can be seen, when we compare to the Cross-track Infrared Sounder (CrIS), that better agreement is made in Version 7. The impact of the new coefficients is highest at cold scene temperatures and very warm temperatures.	[Pagano, Thomas S.; Manning, Evan M.; Broberg, Steven E.; Aumann, Hartmut] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Weiler, Margie] BAE Syst, Nashua, NH 03064 USA; [Strow, Larrabee] Univ Maryland Baltimore Cty, Baltimore, MD USA	Pagano, TS (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Thomas.S.Pagano@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		8	0	0	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2100-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10764								UNSP 107640N	10.1117/12.2320906			9	Remote Sensing; Optics	Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HQ	WOS:000453920100020					2020-09-09	
S	Pike, SN; Harrison, FA; Burnham, JA; Cook, W; Grefenstette, BW; Madsen, KK; Miyasaka, H; Sanders, JM; Sosanya, AA		Payne, SA; James, RB; Burger, A; Fiederle, M		Pike, Sean N.; Harrison, Fiona A.; Burnham, Jill A.; Cook, Walter; Grefenstette, Brian W.; Madsen, Kristin K.; Miyasaka, Hiromasa; Sanders, Julian M.; Sosanya, Andrew A.			Characterization of Redlen CZT detectors for hard X-ray astronomy	HARD X-RAY, GAMMA-RAY, AND NEUTRON DETECTOR PHYSICS XX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Hard X-Ray, Gamma-Ray, and Neutron Detector Physics XX	AUG 20-21, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE, RMD		CZT; Redlen Technologies; X-ray detectors; NuSTAR; astronomy	CDTE	We present the results of ongoing characterization of Cadmium Zinc Telluride (CZT) semiconductors produced by Redlen Technologies. In particular we hope to determine their viability for future X-ray astronomy missions such as the High Energy X-ray Probe (HEX-P). The fully fabricated hybrid detectors consist of CZT crystals with a collecting area of 2 cm x 2 cm and thickness of 3 mm mounted on a custom pixelated ASIC originally designed for the Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array (NuSTAR) mission, which launched in 2012. We present the results of inter-pixel conductance and leakage current tests as well as spectral characterization using an Am-241 source. Although further calibration and testing is necessary to determine the capabilities of these detectors, preliminary results indicate that Redlen CZT will be able to achieve spectral resolution and noise levels comparable to those of the CZT detectors currently in use aboard NuSTAR.	[Pike, Sean N.; Harrison, Fiona A.; Burnham, Jill A.; Cook, Walter; Grefenstette, Brian W.; Madsen, Kristin K.; Miyasaka, Hiromasa; Sanders, Julian M.; Sosanya, Andrew A.] CALTECH, Space Radiat Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Pike, SN (corresponding author), CALTECH, Space Radiat Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	spike@caltech.edu			NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX13AC55G]	This work was supported under NASA grant NNX13AC55G.		8	0	0	2	5	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2096-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10762								UNSP 1076214	10.1117/12.2321990			6	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Optics; Physics, Applied	Engineering; Optics; Physics	BL6DL	WOS:000453616300018		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Dinnat, EP; Burgin, MS; Colliander, A; Chae, C; Cosh, M; Gao, Y			IEEE	Dinnat, Emmanuel P.; Burgin, Mariko S.; Colliander, Andreas; Chae, Chunsik; Cosh, Michael; Gao, Ying			INTERCALIBRATION OF LOW FREQUENCY BRIGHTNESS TEMPERATURE MEASUREMENTS FOR LONG-TERM SOIL MOISTURE RECORD	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Microwave; radiometry; calibration; soil moisture	SURFACE	As part of the development of a long-term soil moisture record, we inter-calibrate several low microwave radiometric sensors (SMOS, SMAP, AMSR-E, AMSR2). We use a radiometric simulator over open ocean as a common reference for sensors operating at various frequencies (L-, C- and X-band) and incidence angles. The simulator includes a radiative transfer model for the Earth's emission and the sensors characteristics. It produces antenna temperatures that can be used to account for differences in the incidence and azimuth angle, timing, and frequency. The double difference method is used to inter-calibrate the various sensors.	[Dinnat, Emmanuel P.] Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Dinnat, Emmanuel P.] Chapman Univ, Orange, CA 92866 USA; [Burgin, Mariko S.; Colliander, Andreas; Chae, Chunsik] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Cosh, Michael] USDA ARS Hydrol & Remote Sensing Lab, Beltsville, MD USA; [Gao, Ying] Monash Univ, Clayton, Vic 3800, Australia	Dinnat, EP (corresponding author), Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA.; Dinnat, EP (corresponding author), Chapman Univ, Orange, CA 92866 USA.		Dinnat, Emmanuel/D-7064-2012	Dinnat, Emmanuel/0000-0001-9003-1182				13	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							88	91					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039800022					2020-09-09	
S	Liu, WT; Xie, XS			IEEE	Liu, W. Timothy; Xie, Xiaosu			NON-SUN-SYNCHRONOUS OCEAN SURFACE WIND MEASUREMENT UNDER HEAVY RAIN BY CYGNSS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		monsoon; convection; wind; rain; CYGNSS		The unique capability of CYGNSS in measuring ocean surface wind speed from non-sun-synchronous orbits under heavy rain is demonstrated in the northward migration of convective systems into the Bay of Bengal during summer monsoon onsets.	[Liu, W. Timothy; Xie, Xiaosu] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Liu, WT (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This study was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. It was jointly supported by the Weather and Physical Oceanography Programs of NASA.		7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							140	141					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039800034					2020-09-09	
S	Green, RO			IEEE	Green, Robert O.		Imaging Spect Community	Global VSWIR Imaging Spectroscopy and the 2017 Decadal Survey Robert O. Green and the Imaging Spectroscopy Community	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Imaging Spectroscopy; Earth system; VSWIR; Decadal Survey		On the 5th of January 2018, an unedited prepublication version of the 2017 Decadal Survey was released titled, "Thriving on Our Changing Planet A Decadal Strategy for Earth Observation from Space." This 700 page document that was developed over more than two years with broad input from the Earth science and applications communities. Five targeted observables are indicated as observing system priorities in this early release version. One of these is surface biology and geology. In this category, a set of science and applications targets are identified including: ground/water temperature, snow reflectivity, active geologic processes, vegetation traits and algal biomass. The candidate measurement approach is described as, "Hyperspectral imagery in the visible and shortwave infrared, multi-or hyperspectral imagery in the thermal IR." This paper reviews some of the key new science and applications objectives, and outlines some measurement approaches that could be used to address this guidance in the area of global visible to short wavelength infrared imaging spectroscopy.	[Green, Robert O.; Imaging Spect Community] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Green, RO (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							5	5	5	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							183	185					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039800046					2020-09-09	
S	Lavalle, M; Morris, M; Shah, R; Zuffada, C; Nghiem, SV; Chew, C; Zavorotny, VU			IEEE	Lavalle, Marco; Morris, Mary; Shah, Rashmi; Zuffada, Cinzia; Nghiem, Son V.; Chew, Clara; Zavorotny, Valery U.			BISTATIC SCATTERING MODELING FOR DYNAMIC MAPPING OF TROPICAL WETLANDS WITH CYGNSS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy				The objective of this paper is to model and study the sensitivity of bistatic microwave scattering versus changes in wetland characteristics as observed by a GNSS-R satellite system such as CYGNSS. We develop a simplified scattering model starting from the Water Cloud Model traditionally used in monostatic radar problems. Vegetation is idealized as a cloud of randomly oriented scattering elements over a rough surface representing either soil or water. The bistatic scattering coefficient is modeled as the incoherent sum of soil, water and vegetation scattering weighted by the fraction of each contribution within the CYGNSS footprint. The model is tested against CYGNSS observations across the Everglades National Park for which high-resolution landcover and water depth maps are available. We show that our simplified model is able to capture to first order the variability of bistatic scattering versus changes in water depth and water fraction. This effort is a step forward towards the development of an effective algorithm to map the dynamic state of tropical wetlands and other regions subject to flooding using CYGNSS measurements.	[Lavalle, Marco; Morris, Mary; Shah, Rashmi; Zuffada, Cinzia; Nghiem, Son V.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Chew, Clara] Univ Corp Atmospheric Res, Boulder, CO USA; [Zavorotny, Valery U.] NOAA, Earth Syst Res Lab, Div Phys Sci, Boulder, CO USA	Lavalle, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							12	2	2	1	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							239	242					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039800061					2020-09-09	
S	Kim, S; Arii, M; Jackson, TJ			IEEE	Kim, Seungbum; Arii, Motofumi; Jackson, Thomas J.			MODELING L-BAND SYNTHETIC APERTURE RADAR OBSERVATIONS THROUGH DIELECTRIC CHANGES IN SOIL MOISTURE AND VEGETATION OVER SHRUBLANDS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		L-band; soil moisture; SAR		L-band airborne synthetic aperture radar observations were made over California shrublands to better understand the effects of soil and vegetation parameters on backscattering coefficient (sigma(0)) for the period of 2011 to 2015. HH was always greater than VV, suggesting the importance of double-bounce scattering by the woody parts. However, the geometric and dielectric properties of the woody parts did not vary significantly over time. Instead the changes in vegetation water content (VWC) were observed to occur primarily in thin leaves that may not meaningfully influence absorption and scattering. Accordingly, unlike in the past literature, the VWC input of the plant to the model was formulated as a function of plant's dielectric property (water fraction) while the plant geometry remains static in time. A physically-based model for single scattering by discrete elements of plants successfully simulated the magnitude of the temporal variations in HH, VV, and HH/VV with a difference of less than 0.9 dB. The modeling results offer an explanation of why soil moisture correlated highly with sigma(0), which is that the dominant mechanisms for HH and VV are double-bounce scattering by trunk, and soil surface scattering, respectively.	[Kim, Seungbum] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Arii, Motofumi] Mitsubishi Electr Corp, Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan; [Jackson, Thomas J.] ARS, Hydrol & Remote Sensing Lab, USDA, Beltsville, MD USA	Kim, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							247	249					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039800063					2020-09-09	
S	Jagdhuber, T; Entekhabi, D; Das, NN; Link, M; Baur, M; Akbar, R; Montzka, C; Kim, S; Yueh, S; Baris, I			IEEE	Jagdhuber, T.; Entekhabi, D.; Das, N. N.; Link, M.; Baur, M.; Akbar, R.; Montzka, C.; Kim, S.; Yueh, S.; Baris, I.			PHYSICS-BASED MODELING OF ACTIVE-PASSIVE MICROWAVE COVARIATIONS FOR GEOPHYSICAL RETRIEVALS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		active-passive microwave sensing; microwave covariation; multi-frequency; SMAP; Sentinel-1		Combined active-passive remote sensing has the potential for capturing the relative advantage of each sensing approach in geophysical retrievals. One cornerstone of combined active-passive microwave sensing is the modeling of the covariation of active and passive signals, which arise from equivalent sensitivities of both sensor types to changes in geophysical properties. In this research contribution, we propose a physics-based active-passive combination of active and passive microwave observations based on Kirchhoff's law of energy conservation. This allows establishing a physics-based forward model as well as a fully data-driven, single-pass retrieval methodology for active-passive microwave covariation. The forward model and the retrieval approach are adaptable to different sensor characteristics (incidence angle, frequency & polarization). The theoretical (forward model) as well as applied (retrieval method) physics-based covariation framework is tested with SMAP (LL) and SMAP/Sentinel-1 (LC) data to reveal potentials and constraints for active-passive microwave sensing. As a result of the conducted study, a linear functional relationship between active and passive microwave observations (e.g. assumed for the SMAP mission) is confirmed, if higher-order scattering can be omitted.	[Jagdhuber, T.; Link, M.; Baur, M.; Baris, I.] German Aerosp Ctr, Microwaves & Radar Inst, POB 1116, D-82234 Wessling, Germany; [Entekhabi, D.; Akbar, R.] MIT, Dept Civil & Environm Engn, Vassar St 15, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Das, N. N.; Kim, S.; Yueh, S.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Baur, M.] Univ Bayreuth, Inst Geoecol, Univ Str 30, D-95447 Bayreuth, Germany; [Montzka, C.] Res Ctr Julich, Inst Bio & Geosci Agrosphere IBG 3, Wilhelm Johnen Str, D-52428 Julich, Germany; [Baris, I.] Friedrich Schiller Univ Jena, Inst Geog, Grietgasse 6, D-7743 Jena, Germany	Jagdhuber, T (corresponding author), German Aerosp Ctr, Microwaves & Radar Inst, POB 1116, D-82234 Wessling, Germany.	thomas.jagdhuber@dlr.de; darae@mit.edu; narendra.n.das@jpl.nasa.gov; linkmo@mit.edu; martin.baur@uni-bayreuth.de; rakbar@mit.edu; c.montzka@fz-juelich.de; seungbum.kim@jpl.nasa.gov; simon.h.yueh@jpl.nasa.gov; i.baris@outlook.de		Baris, Ismail/0000-0003-2626-6811	MIT	We are grateful to MIT for supporting this research with the MIT-Germany Seed Fund "Global Water Cycle and Environmental Monitoring using Active and Passive Satellite-based Microwave Instruments".		12	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							250	253					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039800064					2020-09-09	
S	Huang, HT; Tsang, L; Colliander, A; Shah, R; Yueh, S			IEEE	Huang, Huanting; Tsang, Leung; Colliander, Andreas; Shah, Rashmi; Yueh, Simon			NMM3D FULL WAVE SIMULATIONS OF VEGETATION AND FOREST EFFECTS IN MICROWAVE REMOTE SENSING	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		hybrid method; T matrix; Foldy-Lax multiple scattering theory; vegetation/tree scattering; full wave simulations		In this paper, we develop a hybrid method combining T matrix of single objects and Fold-Lax multiple scattering theory (FL), for full wave simulations of vegetation/trees. The hybrid method of solving the Maxwell equations consist of off-the-shelf technique for single objects (e. g. HFSS) and newly developed techniques. The newly developed techniques are the three key steps of the hybrid method: (1) extracting the T matrix of each single object, (2) numerical wave transformations and (3) solving the coupled wave interaction equations (i.e. FL) for all the objects. For step (1), we extract the T matrix of a single object by numerical integration with the use of HFSS which is a 3D full-wave electromagnetic field simulation tool. The method of T matrix extraction from HFSS is verified by comparison with the analytical solution of a sphere. The method is applicable to find the T matrix for complicated object where the analytical solution is not available. Then, the wave transformations are performed based on the translation addition theorem. Numerical methods of calculating the transformation coefficients are developed. Finally, the wave interactions among the single objects are accounted for by FL. The results of the hybrid method agree with those of the HFSS brute force method. In comparison, the hybrid method is much more efficient than HFSS for vegetation scattering and applicable to large problems such as full wave simulations of a tree.	[Huang, Huanting; Tsang, Leung] Univ Michigan, Dept Elect Engn & Comp Sci, Radiat Lab, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Colliander, Andreas; Shah, Rashmi; Yueh, Simon] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Huang, HT (corresponding author), Univ Michigan, Dept Elect Engn & Comp Sci, Radiat Lab, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology	The research described in this paper was carried out at the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, USA, and was supported in part by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		4	1	1	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							260	263					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039800067					2020-09-09	
S	Ruf, C; Bussy-Virat, C; McKague, D; Ridley, A; Morris, M			IEEE	Ruf, Chris; Bussy-Virat, Charles; McKague, Darren; Ridley, Aaron; Morris, Mary			ENABLING SAMPLING PROPERTIES OF THE CYGNSS SATELLITE CONSTELLATION	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		CYGNSS; GNSS-R; small satellites; tropical cyclones	GPS SIGNALS	The CYGNSS constellation of eight smallsats was successfully launched in low Earth orbit on December 15, 2016. Each satellite carries a four channel bistatic radar receiver which measures GPS signals scattered from the Earth surface, from which ocean surface wind speed is determined. The use of a constellation, and the way their orbits are configured relative to one another, enable critical sampling properties. In particular, short time scale physical processes like the rapid intensification phase of a tropical cyclone can be resolved. Results from the 2017 Atlantic hurricane season will be used to demonstrate this.	[Ruf, Chris; Bussy-Virat, Charles; McKague, Darren; Ridley, Aaron] Univ Michigan, Climate & Space Dept, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Morris, Mary] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA USA	Ruf, C (corresponding author), Univ Michigan, Climate & Space Dept, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA.		Ruf, Christopher/I-9463-2012					8	1	1	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							277	280					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039800071					2020-09-09	
S	McKelvey, C; Ball, C; Chen, CC; O'Brien, A; Smith, G; Andrews, M; Garry, JL; Johnson, J; Misra, S; Brown, S; Jarnot, R; Bendig, R; Felten, C; Kocz, J; Horgan, K; Lucey, J; Duran-Aviles, C; Solly, M; Peng, JZ; Piepmeier, J; Laczkowski, D; Hall, D; Krauss, E			IEEE	McKelvey, Christa; Ball, Christopher; Chen, Chi-Chih; O'Brien, Andrew; Smith, Graeme; Andrews, Mark; Garry, J. Landon; Johnson, Joel; Misra, Sidharth; Brown, Shannon; Jarnot, Robert; Bendig, Rudi; Felten, Carl; Kocz, Jonathan; Horgan, Kevin; Lucey, Jared; Duran-Aviles, Carlos; Solly, Michael; Peng, Jinzheng; Piepmeier, Jeffrey; Laczkowski, Doug; Hall, David; Krauss, Ervin			TESTING AND OPERATION PLANNING OF THE CUBESAT RADIOMETER RADIO FREQUENCY INTERFERENCE TECHNOLOGY VALIDATION (CUBERRT) SYSTEM	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Microwave radiometry; radio frequency interference; CubeSat		The CubeSat Radiometer Radio Frequency Interference Technology Validation (CubeRRT) mission is developing a 6U CubeSat system to demonstrate radio frequency interference (RFI) detection and filtering technologies for future microwave radiometer remote sensing missions. CubeRRT will perform observations of Earth brightness temperatures from 6-40 GHz using a 1 GHz bandwidth tuned channel and will demonstrate on-board real-time RFI processing. The system is currently under development, with an expected launch date in mid-2018 followed by a one year period of on-orbit operations. CubeRRT spacecraft and radiometer instrument testing as well as the mission concept of operations are described in this paper.	[McKelvey, Christa; Ball, Christopher; Chen, Chi-Chih; O'Brien, Andrew; Smith, Graeme; Andrews, Mark; Garry, J. Landon; Johnson, Joel] Ohio State Univ, Dept Elect & Comp Engn, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [McKelvey, Christa; Ball, Christopher; Chen, Chi-Chih; O'Brien, Andrew; Smith, Graeme; Andrews, Mark; Garry, J. Landon; Johnson, Joel] Ohio State Univ, Electrosci Lab, Columbus, OH 43212 USA; [Misra, Sidharth; Brown, Shannon; Jarnot, Robert; Bendig, Rudi; Felten, Carl] NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Kocz, Jonathan] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Horgan, Kevin; Lucey, Jared; Duran-Aviles, Carlos; Solly, Michael; Peng, Jinzheng; Piepmeier, Jeffrey] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Laczkowski, Doug; Hall, David; Krauss, Ervin] Blue Canyon Technol, Boulder, CO USA	McKelvey, C (corresponding author), Ohio State Univ, Dept Elect & Comp Engn, Columbus, OH 43210 USA.; McKelvey, C (corresponding author), Ohio State Univ, Electrosci Lab, Columbus, OH 43212 USA.		Chen, Chi-Chih/AAC-5969-2020	Chen, Chi-Chih/0000-0001-6016-7708				7	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							297	300					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039800076					2020-09-09	
S	Cardellach, E; Tomas, S; Rius, A; Ao, CO; de la Torre-Juarez, M; Padulles, R; Turk, FJ; Schreiner, B			IEEE	Cardellach, E.; Tomas, S.; Rius, A.; Ao, C. O.; de la Torre-Juarez, M.; Padulles, R.; Turk, F. J.; Schreiner, B.			POLARIMETRIC GNSS RADIO-OCCULTATIONS ABOARD PAZ: COMMISSIONING PHASE AND PRELIMINARY RESULTS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Polarimetric Radio-Occultation; GNSS; hydrometeor; heavy rain	MISSION	The experiment called Radio-Occultation and Heavy Precipitation aboard PAZ (ROHP-PAZ) is the first attempt to perform spaceborne polarimetric radio-occultations (PRO) with signals transmitted by the Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS). The GNSS payload aboard PAZ, initially intended for precise orbit determination, was extended with a dedicated two-polarization Radio-Occultation (RO) antenna pointing to the limb of the Earth and the receiver was upgraded to track occulting signals. The experiment is a proof-of-concept for heavy rain measurements using polarimetric GNSS RO. The PAZ satellite was launched in February 22, 2018. Preliminary results from the commissioning phase will be presented.	[Cardellach, E.; Tomas, S.; Rius, A.] CSIC, ICE, Inst Space Sci, Barcelona, Spain; [Cardellach, E.; Tomas, S.; Rius, A.] Inst Space Studies Catalonia IEEC, Barcelona, Spain; [Ao, C. O.; de la Torre-Juarez, M.; Padulles, R.; Turk, F. J.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Schreiner, B.] UCAR, Boulder, CO USA	Cardellach, E (corresponding author), CSIC, ICE, Inst Space Sci, Barcelona, Spain.; Cardellach, E (corresponding author), Inst Space Studies Catalonia IEEC, Barcelona, Spain.		Tomas, Sergio/L-8424-2014; Padulles, Ramon/AAA-9076-2020	Tomas, Sergio/0000-0002-3997-6815; 	HISDESAT; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA);  [ESP2015-70014-C2-2-R]	The ROHP-PAZ experiment is funded by the Spanish Grant ESP2015-70014-C2-2-R and in collaboration with HISDESAT. Agreements have been signed with NOAA and UCAR for ground-segement services. Part of this work as carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		10	0	0	1	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							935	937					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039801036					2020-09-09	
S	Marshak, C; Yanovsky, I; Vese, L			IEEE	Marshak, Charles; Yanovsky, Igor; Vese, Luminita			ENERGY MINIMIZATION FOR CIRRUS AND CUMULUS CLOUD SEPARATION IN ATMOSPHERIC IMAGES	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Cloud layer separation; image segmentation		Multi-angle Imaging Spectro-Radiometer (MISR) instrument provides the multi-angle images of aerosols and clouds. There are a multitude of challenges for accurate stereo imaging of clouds and aerosols including the high variation of radiative properties of aerosols and clouds within an image. In this work, we adapt an image model to separate two specific types of clouds frequently appearing in MISR images. Specifically, we separate cirrus and cumulus clouds in the two-dimensional MISR single-channel images. We characterize these two cloud types according to their spatial variations and optical brightness. Cirrus clouds appear smooth and optically thin, while cumulus clouds present high optical oscillations and appear brighter. We adapt the additive piecewise-smooth (APS) model for this cloud separation task. We describe the differences between our results and the results of the previous joint work of the second author on cloud separation.	[Marshak, Charles; Vese, Luminita] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Math, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Yanovsky, Igor] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Yanovsky, Igor] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Joint Inst Reg Earth Syst Sci & Engn, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA	Marshak, C (corresponding author), Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Math, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [DMS 1217239]	This research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Igor Yanovsky and Luminita Vese are thankful for the National Science Foundation Grant DMS 1217239.		17	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							1191	1194					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039801095					2020-09-09	
S	Yueh, SH; Xu, XL; Shah, R; Margulis, S; Elder, K			IEEE	Yueh, Simon H.; Xu, Xiaolan; Shah, Rashmi; Margulis, Steve; Elder, Kelly			P-BAND SIGNALS OF OPPORTUNITY FOR REMOTE SENSING OF ROOT ZONE SOIL MOISTURE	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Soil Moisture; Reflectometry		The P-band Signals of Opportunity (SoOp) technique has significant potential for remote sensing of root zone soil moisture from space. We have conducted a proof-of-concept experiment to demonstrate the sensitivity of P-band reflectivity to soil moisture. The reflectivity data has a high correlation (similar to 0.87) with the in situ soil moisture observations. Theoretical forward modeling and retrieval analyses have been carried out to assess the accuracy of using multifrequency SoOp data to retrieve the vertical soil moisture profile. Sensitivity analysis has also been carried out to determine the impact of ancillary data.	[Yueh, Simon H.; Xu, Xiaolan; Shah, Rashmi] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Margulis, Steve] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA USA; [Elder, Kelly] US Forest Serv, Washington, DC 20250 USA; [Elder, Kelly] USDA, Ft Collins, CO USA	Yueh, SH (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The work described in this paper was carried out by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		11	4	4	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							1403	1406					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039801145					2020-09-09	
S	Colliander, A; Njoku, EG; Huang, HT; Tsang, L			IEEE	Colliander, Andreas; Njoku, Eni G.; Huang, Huanting; Tsang, Leung			SOIL MOISTURE RETRIEVAL USING FULL WAVE SIMULATIONS OF 3-D MAXWELL EQUATIONS FOR COMPENSATING VEGETATION EFFECTS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Soil Moisture; Vegetation; Scattering; NMM3D; S-parameters	MICROWAVE EMISSION; MODEL	In this paper we introduce an approach to enhance the precision of the vegetation parameterization in soil moisture retrieval using passive microwave observations. We present an algorithm that utilizes conventionally defined scattering (S) parameters to represent the propagation of the electromagnetic radiation through the vegetation layer over soil. The S-parameters can be determined with full wave simulations of 3-D Maxwell Equations enabled by recent advances in numerical simulation techniques. Traditional retrieval algorithms have relied on approximation of the radiative transfer equation in order to find simple parameterization for the equation. This results in added uncertainty when the attenuation and scattering within the vegetation layer increases. The presented method provides a way to model the radiative transfer accurately while preserving a reasonable complexity and number of parameters in the algorithm. The results show that the presented method improves the brightness temperature modelling accuracy significantly when vegetation water content reaches about 5 kg/m2, depending on the scattering properties of the vegetation type.	[Colliander, Andreas; Njoku, Eni G.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Huang, Huanting; Tsang, Leung] Univ Michigan, Dept Elect Engn & Comp Sci, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA	Colliander, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This work was carried out in part at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology under contract with National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		7	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							1418	1421					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039801149					2020-09-09	
S	Gao, Y; Colliander, A; Burgin, MS; Walker, JP; Chae, C; Dinnat, E; Cosh, MH; Caldwell, T; Berg, A; Martinez-Fernandez, J			IEEE	Gao, Ying; Colliander, Andreas; Burgin, Mariko S.; Walker, Jeffrey P.; Chae, Chunsik; Dinnat, Emmanuel; Cosh, Michael H.; Caldwell, Todd; Berg, Aaron; Martinez-Fernandez, Jose			L-, C- AND X-BAND PASSIVE MICROWAVE SOIL MOISTURE RETRIEVAL ALGORITHM PARAMETERIZATION USING IN SITU VALIDATION SITES	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		passive microwave; soil moisture; brightness temperature; SMAP; AMSR2		Soil moisture plays a significant role in disciplines such as hydrology, meteorology and agriculture, and passive microwave remote sensing has become a widely used technique for global soil moisture estimation over the past three decades. Several satellite missions carrying radiometers have been launched over the past years. Among them are Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency's (JAXA's) Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer-EOS (AMSRE) launched on NASA's Aqua satellite, European Space Agency's (ESA's) Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity (SMOS) mission, JAXA's Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) onboard the GCOM-W satellite, and NASA's Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) mission. Based on the availability of these four missions, there is an opportunity to develop a consistent inter-calibrated long-term soil moisture data record. This study focuses on the parametrization of the tau-omega model for soil moisture retrieval at L-, C-and X-band using brightness temperature observations from the four missions and in-situ soil moisture and soil temperature data from the SMAP core validation sites across various land cover types. The ancillary data sets used in the SMAP baseline algorithm are used for the retrievals at different frequencies. Simultaneous calibrations of the vegetation parameter b and roughness parameter h at both horizontal and vertical polarizations are performed. A set of model parameters to successfully retrieve soil moisture at different validation sites at L-, C-and X-band are presented. A preliminary comparison of SMAP and AMSR2 soil moisture retrievals against in situ observations at the Yanco (Australia) and TxSON (U. S.) sites showed the best accuracy and correlation at L-band (RMSD= 0.03-0.05 m3/m3; R= 0.92-0.94). The C-/X-band performance was not as satisfactory as L-band (RMSD= 0.08-0.17 m3/m3; R= 0.240.79). This also indicates that retrieval at higher frequencies can be very challenging when dense vegetation is present.	[Gao, Ying] Univ Calif Los Angeles, JIFRESSE, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Gao, Ying; Walker, Jeffrey P.] Monash Univ, Dept Civil Engn, Clayton, Vic 3800, Australia; [Colliander, Andreas; Burgin, Mariko S.; Chae, Chunsik] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Dinnat, Emmanuel] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Dinnat, Emmanuel] Chapman Univ, CEESMO, Orange, CA 92866 USA; [Cosh, Michael H.] USDA ARS, Beltsville, MD 20705 USA; [Caldwell, Todd] Univ Texas Austin, Jackson Sch Geosci, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Berg, Aaron] Univ Guelph, Dept Geog, Guelph, ON N1G 2W1, Canada; [Martinez-Fernandez, Jose] Univ Salamanca, Inst Hispanoluso Invest Agr, E-37008 Salamanca, Spain	Gao, Y (corresponding author), Univ Calif Los Angeles, JIFRESSE, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA.; Gao, Y (corresponding author), Monash Univ, Dept Civil Engn, Clayton, Vic 3800, Australia.		Caldwell, Todd G./H-5129-2011; Martinez-Fernandez, Jose/B-3877-2012; Dinnat, Emmanuel/D-7064-2012	Caldwell, Todd G./0000-0003-4068-0648; Martinez-Fernandez, Jose/0000-0003-0446-9693; Dinnat, Emmanuel/0000-0001-9003-1182; Berg, Aaron/0000-0001-8438-5662; Walker, Jeffrey/0000-0002-4817-2712				5	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							1434	1437					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039801153					2020-09-09	
S	Rodriguez, E; Wineteer, A; Perkovic-Martin, D; Gal, T; Stiles, BW; Niamsuwan, N; Monje, RR			IEEE	Rodriguez, E.; Wineteer, A.; Perkovic-Martin, D.; Gal, T.; Stiles, B. W.; Niamsuwan, N.; Monje, R. Rodriguez			OCEAN SURFACE CURRENTS AND WINDS USING DOPPLERSCATT	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Ocean currents; ocean winds; radar; scatterometer; Doppler		DopplerScatt is a Ka-band pencil-beam Doppler scatterometer developed under NASA's ESTO Instrument Incubator Program (IIP) to serve as a demonstrator for future spaceborne instruments to measure ocean surface currents and winds simultaneously. We review the capabilities of the DopplerScatt instrument, and present results from multiple airborne campaigns. One of our primary results will be the development of Ka-band Geophysical Model Functions (GMFs) to translate backscatter and Doppler measurements into surface winds and currents.	[Rodriguez, E.; Wineteer, A.; Perkovic-Martin, D.; Gal, T.; Stiles, B. W.; Niamsuwan, N.; Monje, R. Rodriguez] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Rodriguez, E (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							6	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							1474	1476					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039801163					2020-09-09	
S	Burgin, MS; Mandrake, L; Doran, GB; Bue, BD; van Zyl, JJ			IEEE	Burgin, Mariko S.; Mandrake, Lukas; Doran, Gary B.; Bue, Brian D.; van Zyl, Jakob J.			SOIL MOISTURE ESTIMATION BY LINEAR REGRESSION FROM SMAP POLARIMETRIC RADAR DATA WITH AQUARIUS DERIVED COEFFICIENTS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Soil moisture; polarimetric radar; synthetic aperture radar (SAR); time series		Algorithms for soil moisture estimation from radars conventionally use substantial amounts of ancillary data to parametrize complex electromagnetic models. In contrast, we describe radar data of a vegetated scene as a linear function of soil moisture. This eliminates the dependence on ancillary data while providing reasonable global soil moisture estimates. We derive two polarization dependent coefficients of a linear model on the basis of spatial and temporal similarity at a global scale from nearly 4 years of L-band Aquarius radar and radiometer derived soil moisture data. These global coefficients are then used to derive soil moisture from 2.5 months of L-band SMAP radar data. The resulting soil moisture estimates are evaluated with the SMAP Level 2 radiometer-only soil moisture product.	[Burgin, Mariko S.; Mandrake, Lukas; Doran, Gary B.; Bue, Brian D.; van Zyl, Jakob J.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Burgin, MS (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.		Doran, Gary/AAF-4506-2020; Mandrake, Lukas/AAM-5069-2020	Doran, Gary/0000-0003-1233-2224; 	Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research described in this paper is supported by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Copyright 2018. All rights reserved.		5	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							1816	1817					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039801249					2020-09-09	
S	Sarrazin, E; Desroches, D; Fjortoft, R; Youssefi, D; Domeneghetti, A; Williams, B			IEEE	Sarrazin, Emmanuelle; Desroches, Damien; Fjortoft, Roger; Youssefi, David; Domeneghetti, Alessio; Williams, Brent			FLOODPLAIN DEM EXTRACTION BASED ON SWOT HR INSAR DATA	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SWOT; InSAR; floodplain; DEM		The upcoming Surface Water and Ocean Topography (SWOT) mission, projected for launch in 2021, will provide global measurements of water elevation for ocean and continental water bodies with unprecedented resolution and accuracy. This article describes how the variations in height and extent of continental water surfaces, as measured by SWOT's principal instrument, the Ka-band Radar Interferometer (KaRIn), can be used to derive floodplain Digital Elevation Models (DEMs), in principle with submeter accuracy. The proposed method is based on InSAR processing, refined geolocation, and the so-called bath-tub ring approach. Preliminary results obtained on multitemporal simulated SWOT data are presented.	[Sarrazin, Emmanuelle; Desroches, Damien; Fjortoft, Roger] Ctr Natl Etud Spatiales, Toulouse, France; [Youssefi, David] CS SI, Toulouse, France; [Domeneghetti, Alessio] Univ Bologna, Bologna, Italy; [Williams, Brent] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Sarrazin, E (corresponding author), Ctr Natl Etud Spatiales, Toulouse, France.				National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	A portion of this research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		5	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							1926	1929					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039802020					2020-09-09	
S	Ogut, M; Reising, SC; Bosch-Lluis, X; Goncharenko, YV; Kilmer, B; Kangaslahti, P; Schlecht, E; Cofield, R; Skalare, A; Padmanabhan, S; Jiang, J; Brown, ST; Deal, WR; Zamora, A			IEEE	Ogut, Mehmet; Reising, Steven C.; Bosch-Lluis, Xavier; Goncharenko, Yuriy V.; Kilmer, Braxton; Kangaslahti, Pekka; Schlecht, Erich; Cofield, Richard; Skalare, Anders; Padmanabhan, Sharmila; Jiang, Jonathan; Brown, Shannon T.; Deal, William R.; Zamora, Alex			DESIGN, TESTING AND RELIABILITY ANALYSIS OF COMMAND AND DATA HANDLING (C&DH) SUBSYSTEM FOR THE TROPOSPHERIC WATER AND CLOUD ICE (TWICE) INSTRUMENT FOR A 6U-CLASS SMALL SATELLITE	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Command and data handling; microwave radiometry; remote sensing; analog-to-digital converters; data acquisition		The Tropospheric Water and Cloud ICE (TWICE) millimeter and sub-millimeter radiometer instrument is being developed to enable global observations of upper tropospheric/lower-stratospheric water vapor and ice particle size distribution in clouds. Global observations using the TWICE instrument are critically needed to reduce uncertainties in weather and climate models. A low-noise, power-efficient command and data handling (C&DH) subsystem has been designed and tested to control TWICE data acquisition and other subsystems. Considering the limited power resources available on such platforms, a highly-efficient power regulation board has been designed to minimize power losses and reduce system noise. Furthermore, heavy-ion radiation testing has been performed for some critical commercial-off-the-shelf components to analyze radiation tolerance in low-Earth orbit. The C&DH prototype board meets the functional, noise and size, weight and power (SWaP) requirements for deployment on a 6U-Class satellite.	[Ogut, Mehmet; Reising, Steven C.; Goncharenko, Yuriy V.; Kilmer, Braxton] Colorado State Univ, Microwave Syst Lab, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA; [Bosch-Lluis, Xavier; Kangaslahti, Pekka; Schlecht, Erich; Cofield, Richard; Skalare, Anders; Padmanabhan, Sharmila; Jiang, Jonathan; Brown, Shannon T.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Deal, William R.; Zamora, Alex] Northrop Grumman Corp, Redondo Beach, CA USA	Ogut, M (corresponding author), Colorado State Univ, Microwave Syst Lab, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA.							6	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							1990	1993					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039802034					2020-09-09	
S	Padmanabhan, S; Gaier, TC; Lim, BH; Stachnik, R; Tanner, A; Brown, S; Reising, SC; Berg, W; Kummerow, CD; Chandrasekar, V			IEEE	Padmanabhan, Sharmila; Gaier, Todd C.; Lim, Boon H.; Stachnik, Robert; Tanner, Alan; Brown, Shannon; Reising, Steven C.; Berg, Wesley; Kummerow, Christian D.; Chandrasekar, V.			RADIOMETER FOR THE TEMPORAL EXPERIMENT FOR STORMS AND TROPICAL SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION MISSION	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		millimeter-wave; radiometer; direct detection; clouds; precipitation; temporal measurements; smallsat; CubeSat		The Temporal Experiment for Storms and Tropical Systems Technology Demonstration (TEMPEST-D) instrument is a five-frequency millimeter-wave radiometer capable of observing thermal radiation from the Earth at 89, 165, 176, 180, and 182 GHz. The direct-detection architecture of the radiometer reduces its power consumption and eliminates the need for a local oscillator and mixer, reducing complexity. The instrument includes an ambient blackbody calibration target and a scanning reflector. The reflector rotates to scan the antenna beams in the cross-track direction so that the TEMPEST-D feed horn and receiver view first the blackbody calibration target, then the Earth over a range of nadir angles from -45 degrees to + 45 degrees, and finally the cosmic microwave background radiation at 2.73 K. This enables precision end-to-end calibration of the millimeter-wave receivers every scan period. The TEMPEST-D millimeter-wave radiometers are based on 35-nm InP HEMT MMIC low-noise amplifiers and related technology developed under extensive investment by the NASA Earth Science Technology Office (ESTO).	[Padmanabhan, Sharmila; Gaier, Todd C.; Lim, Boon H.; Stachnik, Robert; Tanner, Alan; Brown, Shannon] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Reising, Steven C.; Chandrasekar, V.] Colorado State Univ, Elect & Comp Engn Dept, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA; [Berg, Wesley; Kummerow, Christian D.] Colorado State Univ, Dept Atmospher Sci, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA	Padmanabhan, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.		Chandrasekar, V/AAJ-5142-2020					7	9	9	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							2001	2003					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039802037					2020-09-09	
S	Brown, S; Misra, S; Janssen, M			IEEE	Brown, Shannon; Misra, Sidharth; Janssen, Michael			PERFORMANCE AND RESULTS FROM THE JUNO MICROWAVE RADIOMETER	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		microwave radiometer; L-band; P-band; calibration			[Brown, Shannon; Misra, Sidharth; Janssen, Michael] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Brown, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							1	0	0	2	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							2004	2006					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039802038					2020-09-09	
S	Fore, A; Yueh, S; Tang, W; Stiles, B; Hayashi, A			IEEE	Fore, A.; Yueh, S.; Tang, W.; Stiles, B.; Hayashi, A.			SMAP TROPICAL CYCLONE SIZE AND INTENSITY VALIDATION	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SMAP; Radiometer; Ocean Winds; Ocean Vector Winds; Hurricanes; Tropical Cyclones	SEA-SURFACE SALINITY; WIND	The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) mission was launched January 31st, 2015. It is designed to measure the soil moisture over land using a combined active / passive L-band system. Due to the Aquarius mission, L-band model functions for ocean winds and salinity are already mature and may be directly applied to the SMAP mission. In contrast to Aquarius, the higher resolution and scanning geometry of SMAP allows for wide-swath ocean winds and salinities to be retrieved. We have found that the SMAP radiometer displays sensitivity all the way up to the most extreme wind speeds, possibly as high as 70 m/s, far beyond what is capable with typical C and Ku-band ocean wind scatterometers. In previous work we have validated the SMAP high wind speeds against Rapid Scatterometer (RapidScat) and Stepped Frequency Microwave Radiometer (SFMR). In this work we consider the size of the SMAP cyclones and compare them to the Automated Tropical Cyclone Forecasting (ATCF) system B-deck files and we update the SFMR analysis with an additional year of data to strengthen the previous conclusions.	[Fore, A.; Yueh, S.; Tang, W.; Stiles, B.; Hayashi, A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Fore, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Alexan-der.Fore@jpl.nasa.gov						13	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							2015	2018					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039802041					2020-09-09	
S	Kwak, YJ; Natsuaki, R; Yun, SH			IEEE	Kwak, Young-Joo; Natsuaki, Ryo; Yun, Sang-Ho			EFFECT OF BUILDING ORIENTATION ON URBAN FLOOD MAPPING USING ALOS-2 AMPILITUDE IMAGES	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SAR; urban flood; building orientation		For urban flood mapping, building orientation is one of the most important parameters mainly considering amplitude images of satellite synthetic aperture radar (SAR). This study investigated the influence of the orientation angle of a building on double bounce effect from the floodwater surface. We suggest the potential key component of urban flood detection considering the characterization of the double bounce effect from land surface backscatters in the selected experimental area, which covers the hardest flood-hit municipalities during the 2015 Kinu River flood in Japan. To improve the urban flood detection ability, the correlation coefficient of the intensity derived from the building orientation was then applied to detect the flooded buildings.	[Kwak, Young-Joo] Int Ctr Water Hazard & Risk Management ICHARM, Publ Works Res Inst, 1-6 Minamihara, Tsukuba, Ibaraki 3058516, Japan; [Natsuaki, Ryo] Univ Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan; [Yun, Sang-Ho] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Kwak, YJ (corresponding author), Int Ctr Water Hazard & Risk Management ICHARM, Publ Works Res Inst, 1-6 Minamihara, Tsukuba, Ibaraki 3058516, Japan.	kwak55@pwri.go.jp; natsuaki@ee.u-tokyo.ac.jp; Sang-Ho.Yun@jpl.nasa.gov	Natsuaki, Ryo/J-6690-2019	Natsuaki, Ryo/0000-0003-2291-4375	Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) KAKENHIMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of ScienceGrants-in-Aid for Scientific Research (KAKENHI) [15H05136]	This study was supported by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) KAKENHI Grant-in-Aid for Scientific Research B: 15H05136. We thank JAXA for distributing ALOS-2 data in the emergency observation and GSI for providing digital data and in-situ data from field survey.		3	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							2350	2353					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039802122					2020-09-09	
S	Peng, J; Piepmeier, J; Yueh, S; De Amici, G			IEEE	Peng, J.; Piepmeier, J.; Yueh, S.; De Amici, G.			GALAXY CORRECTION UPGRADE IN THE SOIL MOISTURE ACTIVE/PASSIVE (SMAP) MICROWAVE RADIOMETER ALGORITHM	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SMAP; Radiometer; Brightness Temperature; Galaxy Correction; Ocean Roughness	L-BAND	The SMAP mission was designed to measure soil moisture globally for quantifying the water and carbon cyclces. The Brightness Temperature (TB) measurement by the SMAP L-band radiometer over ocean is also used for Sea Surface Salinity (SSS) retrieval. Considering the requirement of the uncertainty in the L-band TB measurement for SSS retrieval, the reflected galaxy correction is to be upgraded by using wind speed dependent galactic TB maps (the cosmic microwave background is included) for the radiometer TB data product (version 4) which is expected to be released in the summer 2018. We address the development of the galactic TB maps. In addition, a correction offset to the modeled ocean radiometric observation for horizontal polarization is described.	[Peng, J.; Piepmeier, J.; De Amici, G.] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Peng, J.] Univ Space Res Assoc, Columbia, MD 21046 USA; [Yueh, S.] CALTECH, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Peng, J (corresponding author), NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA.; Peng, J (corresponding author), Univ Space Res Assoc, Columbia, MD 21046 USA.							10	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3086	3088					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803030					2020-09-09	
S	Lei, LP; Zhong, H; Wu, CJ; Zeng, ZC; He, ZH; Wu, YH			IEEE	Lei, Liping; Zhong, Hui; Wu, Changjiang; Zeng, Zhaocheng; He, Zhonghua; Wu, Yanhong			CONSISTENCY IN XCO2 RETRIEVALS FROM SCIAMACHY, GOSAT AND OCO-2 FOR SPATIO-TEMPORAL CHARACTERISTICS AT A GLOBAL SCALE	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		XCO2; spatio-temporal variations; inconsistency; correlation		Long-term XCO2 retrievals, which are obtained by the three measurements including SCIAMACHY, GOSAT and OCO2, are publicly available from 2003 to date. These XCO2 data can help us better understanding the underlying processes of uptake and release of CO2 in biosphere and anthropogenic emissions at global scales via probing into the characteristics of the spatio-temporal variations of XCO2. We investigated the inconsistency of the spatio-temporal variations of XCO2 in these three measurements by combining with NDVI data. We apply a global land mapping XCO2 datasets generated by data-driven spatio-temporal geostatistics method to the correlation analysis with NDVI. As a result, XCO2 demonstrate smooth variations in time without jumping in the time node between the three measurements. They demonstrate similar patterns of correlation coefficients with NDVI which could indicate the process of CO2 interchange in biosphere-atmosphere.	[Lei, Liping; Zhong, Hui; Wu, Changjiang; He, Zhonghua; Wu, Yanhong] Chinese Acad Sci, Key Lab Digital Earth Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Zhong, Hui; Wu, Changjiang; He, Zhonghua] Univ Chinese Acad Sci, Coll Resources & Environm, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Zeng, Zhaocheng] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Lei, LP (corresponding author), Chinese Acad Sci, Key Lab Digital Earth Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Beijing, Peoples R China.				National Research Program on Global Changes and Adaptation: "Big data on global changes: data sharing platform and recognition" [2016YFA0600303, 2016YFA0600304]	This research was supported by the National Research Program on Global Changes and Adaptation: "Big data on global changes: data sharing platform and recognition" (Grant No. 2016YFA0600303, Grant No. 2016YFA0600304). We acknowledge the ACOS-GOSAT v3.5 data were produced by the ACOS/OCO-2 project at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, and obtained from the ACOS/OCO-2 data archive maintained at the NASA Goddard Earth Science Data and Information Services Center; the SCIAMACHY-XCO<INF>2</INF> BESD v02.01.01 data have been obtained from ESA (Europe Space Agency: http://www.esa-ghg-cci.org/).NIES v02.21 only contains the raw XCO<INF>2</INF> retrieval values, which has been downloaded from https://data.gosat.nies.go.jp/.We also acknowledge the GOSAT Project for acquiring the spectra; MODIS NDVI products MOD09 (MYD13C2, MOD11C3) were download from USGS websites (http://e4ftl01.cr.usgs.gov).		5	0	0	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3120	3122					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803038					2020-09-09	
S	Al-Yaari, A; Mialon, A; Dorigo, W; Colliander, A; Fan, L; Kerr, Y; Pellarin, T; Wigneron, JP			IEEE	Al-Yaari, A.; Mialon, A.; Dorigo, W.; Colliander, A.; Fan, L.; Kerr, Y.; Pellarin, T.; Wigneron, J. -P.			VALIDATION OF SATELLITE MICROWAVE RETRIEVED SOIL MOISTURE WITH GLOBAL GROUND-BASED MEASUREMENTS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Soil moisture; validation; microwave remote sensing; SMOS; SMAP; CCI; ISMN	SMOS; PRODUCTS	Soil moisture retrieval from microwave remote sensing brightness temperatures is in continuous development. In this study, the most recent and latest microwave remote sensing soil moisture products were evaluated against ground-based measurements. We compared, for the first time, the latest versions of SMOS (L2V650 and SMOS-IC V105), SMAP (L3V4), and CCI (V03.2) soil moisture products with respect to ground-based measurements obtained from ISMN (International Soil Moisture Network). Time series were plotted over some sites and it was found that all these products capture well the temporal dynamics over all the sites used in this study. However, CCI was wetter than the in situ measurements over Niger and both SMOS products (IC and L2) and SMAP were drier than the in situ observations over Biebrza site in Poland.	[Al-Yaari, A.; Fan, L.; Wigneron, J. -P.] INRA, ISPA UMR1391, Villenave Dornon, France; [Mialon, A.; Kerr, Y.] CESBIO, CNES CNRS IRD UPS, UMR 5126, 18 Ave Edouard Belin, Toulouse, France; [Dorigo, W.] TU Wien, Vienna, Austria; [Colliander, A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Pellarin, T.] Univ Grenoble Alpes, CNRS, IRD, Grenoble INP,IGE, F-38000 Grenoble, France	Al-Yaari, A (corresponding author), INRA, ISPA UMR1391, Villenave Dornon, France.	amen.al-yaari@inra.fr	Kerr, Yann/Z-2432-2019; Dorigo, Wouter A/C-7794-2014; Al-Yaari, Amen/B-1444-2016	Dorigo, Wouter A/0000-0001-8054-7572; Al-Yaari, Amen/0000-0001-7530-6088				25	0	0	0	3	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3743	3746					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803181					2020-09-09	
S	Entekhabi, D; Yueh, SH; O'Neill, PE; Entin, JK; You, TH			IEEE	Entekhabi, Dara; Yueh, Simon H.; O'Neill, Peggy E.; Entin, Jared K.; You, Tung-Han			SMAP MISSION STATUS, NEW PRODUCTS AND EXTENDED-PHASE GOALS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		NASA Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP); Soil Moisture; Water Cycle	WIND	NASA's Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Project now has completed its prime-phase (three years) mission and has entered a new five-year extended phase. The global L-band radiometry from SMAP has enabled diverse scientific investigations in water, energy and carbon cycle research, terrestrial ecology and ocean science. These include eliciting the role of soil moisture control on the evaporation regime and vegetation gross primary productivity, observing soil-vegetation continuum water relations, analysis of flood and droughts, climate modeling and weather prediction, detecting ocean high-winds during tropical storms, and observing fresh-water outflow in coastal oceans. This paper highlights the recent enhancements to the SMAP suite of science products (from instrument level-1 to geophysical retrievals level-2 and level-3).	[Entekhabi, Dara] MIT, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Yueh, Simon H.; You, Tung-Han] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [O'Neill, Peggy E.] Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Entin, Jared K.] NASA Headquarters, Washington, DC USA	Entekhabi, D (corresponding author), MIT, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA.							6	0	0	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3747	3750					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803182					2020-09-09	
S	Piepmeier, JR; Peng, JZ; Misra, S; Dinnat, EP; Yueh, SH; Meissner, T; Le Vine, DM; Shelton, KE; Freedman, AP; Dunbar, RS; Chan, SK; Chaubell, J; Bindlish, R; De Amici, G; Mohammed, PN; Hong, L			IEEE	Piepmeier, Jeffrey R.; Peng, Jinzheng; Misra, Sidharth; Dinnat, Emmanuel P.; Yueh, Simon H.; Meissner, Thomas; Le Vine, David M.; Shelton, Kacie E.; Freedman, Adam P.; Dunbar, R. Scott; Chan, Steven K.; Chaubell, Julian; Bindlish, Rajat; De Amici, Giovanni; Mohammed, Priscilla N.; Hong, Liang			SMAP MICROWAVE RADIOMETER: INSTRUMENT STATUS AND CALIBRATION FOR THE FIRST THREE YEARS OF OPERATION	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Microwave radiometer; calibration	L-BAND	The SMAP microwave radiometer will see its third anniversary of operations on March 31, 2018. Instrument behavior is stable over 33 months of operation to date. The physical temperature of the internal calibration sources varies 0.5oC. The bias current of the noise source drifted by less than 0.1%. The avalanche breakdown voltage of the noise diode shows 0.01% seasonal variation. The average NEDT of the radiometer has maintained a stable 1-K value over the period. This stable behavior of the hardware is critical for the consistent calibration. The reflector emissivity was re-estimated using on-orbit data. Use of the new value nearly eliminates bias caused by solar eclipse during the southern hemisphere winter. The radiometer data were recalibrated using, as earlier, global ocean and cold sky views with additional ocean and land views at nadir incidence. The Version 4 recalibrated data exhibit 0.1-K RMS stability over average global ocean and monthly cold-sky views.	[Piepmeier, Jeffrey R.; Peng, Jinzheng; Dinnat, Emmanuel P.; Le Vine, David M.; Bindlish, Rajat; De Amici, Giovanni; Mohammed, Priscilla N.] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Peng, Jinzheng] Univ Space Res Assoc, Columbia, MD 21044 USA; [Misra, Sidharth; Yueh, Simon H.; Shelton, Kacie E.; Freedman, Adam P.; Dunbar, R. Scott; Chan, Steven K.; Chaubell, Julian] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Dinnat, Emmanuel P.] Chapman Univ, Orange, CA 92866 USA; [Meissner, Thomas] Remote Sensing Syst, Santa Rosa, CA 95401 USA; [Mohammed, Priscilla N.] Morgan State Univ, Baltimore, MD 21251 USA; [Hong, Liang] Sci Applicat Int Corp, Reston, VA 20190 USA	Piepmeier, JR (corresponding author), NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA.		Chan, Steven Tsz K./AAJ-2573-2020; Dinnat, Emmanuel/D-7064-2012	Chan, Steven Tsz K./0000-0001-6731-0079; Dinnat, Emmanuel/0000-0001-9003-1182				8	1	1	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3751	3753					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803183					2020-09-09	
S	Chaubell, J; Yueh, S; Peng, J; Chan, S; Dunbar, S; Entekhabi, D			IEEE	Chaubell, J.; Yueh, S.; Peng, J.; Chan, S.; Dunbar, S.; Entekhabi, D.			IMPROVING BRIGTHNESS TEMPERATURE MEASUREMENTS NEAR COASTAL AREAS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SMAP; Coastal areas; Brightness temperature	WIND RETRIEVAL; MICROWAVE; LAND	The Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) mission was designed to acquire and combine L-band radar and radiometer measurements for the estimation of soil moisture with 4% volumetric accuracy away from coastal zones. In regions near the coast or near inland bodies of water, the SMAP footprint contains land and water, resulting in errors in the soil moisture estimation. In this paper, we address the effort to extract the brightness temperature related to the land fraction or water fraction (depending on the center of the footprint location) from the affected SMAP measurements. We evaluate the performance of our algorithm over simulated data. We then show results over real data. The new SMAP upgraded product is expected to be delivered on April 2018.	[Chaubell, J.; Yueh, S.; Chan, S.; Dunbar, S.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Entekhabi, D.] MIT, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Peng, J.] Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Peng, J.] Univ Space Res Assoc, Columbia, MD USA	Chaubell, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.		Chan, Steven Tsz K./AAJ-2573-2020	Chan, Steven Tsz K./0000-0001-6731-0079	National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This work is carried out by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		6	1	1	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3758	3761					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803185					2020-09-09	
S	Xu, XL; Kim, Y; Kimball, J; Derksen, C; Dunbar, RS; Colliander, A			IEEE	Xu, Xiaolan; Kim, Youngwook; Kimball, John; Derksen, Chris; Dunbar, R. Scott; Colliander, Andreas			GLOBAL FREEZE/THAW PRODUCT FROM L-BAND RADIOMETER DATA	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		freeze/thaw; SMAP; radiometer		The NASA Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) mission has been successfully operated for almost three years. The SMAP freeze/thaw algorithm is based on a seasonal threshold approach. It's important to have a stable and self-consistent freeze and thaw reference that can be applied for multi-year dataset. The three-year long radiometer datasets allow us to reassess the criteria of reference setup and evaluate its stability. In this paper, we first refined the freeze reference requirements and compare three different methods of setting up the thaw reference to minimize the false flags. The original freeze/thaw products is in the polar grid and only cover the region north of 45 degrees N latitude. The limitation is due to lack of enough freezing days in the lower latitude, where the freezing reference cannot be generated. To extend the freeze/thaw product to global region, we combine the single channel algorithm in the lower latitude and southern atmosphere. The global results have been validated through WMO air temperature.	[Xu, Xiaolan; Dunbar, R. Scott; Colliander, Andreas] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Kim, Youngwook; Kimball, John] Univ Montana, Numer Terradynam Simulat Grp, Missoula, MT 59812 USA; [Derksen, Chris] Environm Canada, Climate Res Div, Toronto, ON, Canada	Xu, XL (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.		Kimball, John S/B-9234-2011; Derksen, Chris/S-9828-2017	Derksen, Chris/0000-0001-6821-5479				10	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3762	3764					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803186					2020-09-09	
S	Chan, S; Bindlish, R; O'Neill, P; Jackson, T; Colliander, A; Yueh, S			IEEE	Chan, Steven; Bindlish, Rajat; O'Neill, Peggy; Jackson, Thomas; Colliander, Andreas; Yueh, Simon			POLARIZATION DECOMPOSITION AND TEMPERATURE BIAS RESOLUTION FOR SMAP PASSIVE SOIL MOISTURE RETRIEVAL USING TIME SERIES BRIGHTNESS TEMPERATURE OBSERVATIONS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SMAP; passive; soil moisture; time series; polarization		In passive microwave remote sensing of soil moisture, the tau-omega (t-.) model has often been used to provide soil moisture estimates at a spatial scale representative of the satellite footprint dimensions. For modeling simplicity, model parameters such as the single scattering albedo (.) and vegetation opacity (t) that go into the geophysical inversion process are often assumed to be independent of polarizations. Although this absence of polarization dependence can often be justified in special cases as in low-frequency remote sensing or under dense vegetation conditions, it is not a robust assumption in general. Additional model parameterization errors arising from this assumption are possible, leading to degradation in soil moisture estimation accuracy. In this paper, we propose a time series approach to try to resolve the polarization dependence of several t-. model parameters as well as the temperature bias arising from the ancillary temperature data. The Version 4 of the Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) Level 1B brightness temperature time series observations were used to illustrate the mechanics of this approach, with an emphasis on the comparison between resulting satellite retrieval and in situ data collected at several core validation sites. It was found that this time series approach resulted in significant reduction of dry bias exhibited in the current SMAP passive soil moisture data products, while retaining the same performance in other metrics of the current baseline passive soil moisture retrieval algorithm.	[Chan, Steven; Colliander, Andreas; Yueh, Simon] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Bindlish, Rajat; O'Neill, Peggy] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Jackson, Thomas] ARS, USDA, Hydrol & Remote Sensing Lab, Beltsville, MD USA	Chan, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.		Chan, Steven Tsz K./AAJ-2573-2020	Chan, Steven Tsz K./0000-0001-6731-0079	National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This part of the work carried out at Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology was performed under a contract with National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		6	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3771	3774					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803189					2020-09-09	
S	Bindlish, R; Chan, S; Jackson, TJ; Colliander, A; Kerr, Y			IEEE	Bindlish, Rajat; Chan, Steven; Jackson, Thomas J.; Colliander, Andreas; Kerr, Yann			INTEGRATION OF SMAP AND SMOS OBSERVATIONS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SMAP; SMOS; passive microwave; inter-comparison of microwave radiometers		Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) mission and the Soil Moisture and Ocean Salinity (SMOS) missions provide brightness temperature and soil moisture estimates every 2-3 days. SMAP brightness temperature observations were compared with SMOS observations at 40o incidence angle. The brightness temperatures from the two missions are not consistent. SMAP observations show a warmer TB bias (about 1.27 K: V pol and 0.62 K: H pol) as compared to SMOS. SMAP and SMOS missions use different retrieval algorithms and ancillary datasets which result in further inconsistencies between their soil moisture products. The reprocessed constant-angle SMOS brightness temperatures were used in the SMAP soil moisture retrieval algorithm to develop a consistent multi-satellite product. The integrated product has an increased global revisit frequency (1 day) and period of record that is unattainable by either one of the satellites alone. Results from the development and validation of the integrated soil moisture product will be presented.	[Bindlish, Rajat] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Chan, Steven; Colliander, Andreas] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA USA; [Jackson, Thomas J.] ARS, USDA, Hydrol & Remote Sensing Lab, Beltsville, MD USA; [Kerr, Yann] CESBIO, Toulouse, France	Bindlish, R (corresponding author), NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA.	rajat.bindlish@nasa.gov	Kerr, Yann/Z-2432-2019; Chan, Steven Tsz K./AAJ-2573-2020	Chan, Steven Tsz K./0000-0001-6731-0079				5	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3775	3778					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803190					2020-09-09	
S	Fu, LL; Morrow, R			IEEE	Fu, Lee-Lueng; Morrow, Rosemary			OBSERVING THE OCEAN SURFACE TOPOGRAPHY AT HIGH-RESOLUTION BY THE SWOT (SURFACE WATER AND OCEAN TOPOGRAPHY) MISSION	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		ocean surface topography; radar interferometry; SWOT		This paper presents the oceanographic objectives and plans for calibration and validation, science investigations and applications for the Surface Water and Ocean Topography (SWOT) Mission. SWOT, an international mission planned for launch in 2021, will make high-resolution observations of the ocean surface topography as a next-generation altimetry mission utilizing the technique of radar interferometry.	[Fu, Lee-Lueng] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Morrow, Rosemary] LEGOS, Toulouse, France	Fu, LL (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							2	0	0	1	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							3783	3784					2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039803192					2020-09-09	
S	Peters, ST; Schroeder, DM; Castelletti, D; Haynes, M; Romero-Wolf, A			IEEE	Peters, Sean T.; Schroeder, Dustin M.; Castelletti, Davide; Haynes, Mark; Romero-Wolf, Andrew			FIRST IN-SITU DEMONSTRATION OF PASSIVE RADIO SOUNDING USING THE SUN AS A SOURCE FOR ECHO DETECTION	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		passive radar; radio echo sounding; ice-penetrating radar	WATER	While radio echo sounders are powerful tools used to constrain subglacial conditions, current ice-penetrating radar systems are too resource intensive for multiyear deployment at a large scale. To address this, we present passive radio sounding as a low resource approach for observing the subsurface of ice sheets and glaciers. Although passive radar has been used for target tracking and military purposes, it has never been implemented for ice sounding. Nevertheless, recent work has proposed the passive radio sounding of Europa's icy shell using Jupiter's decametric radiation as a source for echo detection [1,2]. Expanding on this idea, we evaluate and discuss the challenges of developing a passive radio sounder that uses the Sun for echo detection. Our prototype measures the Sun's direct and reflected path off the ocean to obtain the height of a cliff along the California coast. This serves as the first in-situ demonstration of an autocorrelation-based passive-sounder using a compact astronomical white noise source.	[Peters, Sean T.; Schroeder, Dustin M.] Stanford Univ, Dept Elect Engn, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Schroeder, Dustin M.; Castelletti, Davide] Stanford Univ, Dept Geophys, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Haynes, Mark; Romero-Wolf, Andrew] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Peters, ST (corresponding author), Stanford Univ, Dept Elect Engn, Stanford, CA 94305 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	Part of this research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Inst. of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration		10	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							4154	4157					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039804031					2020-09-09	
S	Carrer, L; Schroeder, DM; Romero-Wolf, A; Ries, P; Bruzzone, L			IEEE	Carrer, L.; Schroeder, D. M.; Romero-Wolf, A.; Ries, P.; Bruzzone, L.			NOISE CHARACTER CONSTRAINTS ON PASSIVE RADIO SOUNDING OF JUPITER'S ICY MOONS USING JOVIAN DECAMETRIC RADIATION	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Passive Sounding; Radar Sounder; JUNO Waves; Jupiter Icy Moons		Jupiter is one of the Solar System's most powerful source of radio waves in the MHz range. Very recent studies proposed that Jovian Decametric Radiation can be effectively exploited for probing the subsurface of Jupiter's icy moons Europa and Ganymede by using passive radio sounding. However, these studies results were based on the assumption that the Jovian noise is white and stationary. Therefore additional investigation into the temporal stability, predictability, and spectral properties of Jovian noise are required to fully assess the potential of passive radar sounding. In this paper, we investigate the actual spectral structure, temporal occurrence and general characteristics of the Jovian Decametric Radiation for understanding their impact on the radar sounding performance metrics. This is done by analyzing the recently available Jupiter's radio spectra acquired by JUNO Waves. The results show that the Jovian Decametric Radiation (i) is not perfectly white and some performance deterioration in the range response should be expected and (ii) has a varying temporal occurrence versus probing frequency.	[Carrer, L.; Bruzzone, L.] Univ Trento, Dept Informat Engn & Comp Sci, Trento, Italy; [Schroeder, D. M.] Stanford Univ, Dept Geophys, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Schroeder, D. M.] Stanford Univ, Elect Engn, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Romero-Wolf, A.; Ries, P.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA	Carrer, L (corresponding author), Univ Trento, Dept Informat Engn & Comp Sci, Trento, Italy.				Italian Space AgencyItalian Space Agency (ASI) [2013-056-R.O.]; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was in part supported by the Italian Space Agency under Contract ASI/INAF n. 2013-056-R.O. "Partecipazione italiana alla fase A/B1 della missione JUICE" and in part was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		9	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							4158	4161					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039804032					2020-09-09	
S	Mashburn, J; O'Brien, A; Axelrad, P; Zuffada, C; Lowe, S; Shah, R; Voronovich, A; Zavorotny, V			IEEE	Mashburn, Jake; O'Brien, Andrew; Axelrad, Penina; Zuffada, Cinzia; Lowe, Stephen; Shah, Rashmi; Voronovich, Alexander; Zavorotny, Valery			A COMPARISON OF WAVEFORM MODEL RE-TRACKING METHODS USING DATA FROM CYGNSS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		CYGNSS; altimetry; re-tracking; waveform modeling	PRECISION	The CYGNSS mission is a new GNSS-R ocean remote sensing constellation of eight small spacecraft. The measurements from CYGNSS allow for the first time a large, densely sampled, and calibrated GNSS-R dataset to be used for ocean surface altimetry. Re-tracking of the reflected signal correlation waveform is one of the most significant performance limiting components of ocean altimetry retrievals. This work demonstrates the use of empirical methods and physical scattering delay/delay-Doppler waveform models, fit to the measured correlation functions in a least-squares sense, to retrieve the specular reflection delay. We examine the performance of waveform modelling methods as compared to single-point re-tracking methods for the first time with a spaceborne dataset. Particular attention is given to the presence of narrow waveforms in the data set, indicative of coherent, rather than purely diffuse reflection. Re-tracking performance is quantified with statistics of the accuracy and precision and examples are presented for returns demonstrating both diffuse and coherent characteristics.	[Mashburn, Jake; Axelrad, Penina] Univ Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [O'Brien, Andrew] Ohio State Univ, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Zuffada, Cinzia; Lowe, Stephen; Shah, Rashmi] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Voronovich, Alexander; Zavorotny, Valery] NOAA, Boulder, CO USA	Mashburn, J (corresponding author), Univ Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309 USA.				NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); JPL RTD Program; CYGNSS project	The research reported here was performed in part by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory under contract with NASA. Jake Mashburn of CU Boulder was supported by the JPL R&TD Program. Andrew O'Brien of the OSU and Valery Zavorotny of NOAA were supported by the CYGNSS project.		8	2	2	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							4289	4292					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039804066					2020-09-09	
S	Rosen, PA; Gurrola, EM; Agram, P; Cohen, J; Lavalle, M; Riel, BV; Fattahi, H; Aivazis, MAG; Simons, M; Buckley, SM			IEEE	Rosen, Paul A.; Gurrola, Eric M.; Agram, Piyush; Cohen, Joshua; Lavalle, Marco; Riel, Bryan V.; Fattahi, Heresh; Aivazis, Michael A. G.; Simons, Mark; Buckley, Sean M.			THE INSAR SCIENTIFIC COMPUTING ENVIRONMENT 3.0: A FLEXIBLE FRAMEWORK FOR NISAR OPERATIONAL AND USER-LED SCIENCE PROCESSING	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		InSAR processing; geodetic imaging; computational frameworks; Earth science informatics		The InSAR Scientific Computing Environment (ISCE) was first developed under the NASA Advanced Information Systems Technology as a flexible, extensible object-oriented framework for Interferometric Synthetic Aperture Radar (InSAR) processing. The ISCE framework uses Python 3 at the workflow level, controlling modules of compiled code for functional processing, and managing inputs, outputs, and other flow control services. The currently released version, called ISCE 2.1, is distributed to the research community through the Western North America InSAR Consortium under a research license. The ISCE team is working on the next generation of the code in order to prepare for the NASA-ISRO SAR (NISAR) mission operational processing. Innovations in this code include augmentation or conversion of the custom Python framework elements in ISCE with the Pyre framework, new workflows for interferometric and polarimetric stack processing, a more intuitive and graphically based user interface, and flow control for hybrid computing environments including CPU/GPU clusters, logging and error tracking facilities, and new more efficient computational modules that exploit graphical processor units (GPUs) when available. The ISCE 3.0 framework is designed to work in an operational environment as well as on a single user's laptop or compute cluster, with services to discover capabilities and scale computations accordingly.	[Rosen, Paul A.; Gurrola, Eric M.; Agram, Piyush; Cohen, Joshua; Lavalle, Marco; Riel, Bryan V.; Fattahi, Heresh; Buckley, Sean M.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Aivazis, Michael A. G.] ParaSim Inc, Los Angeles, CA 90021 USA; [Simons, Mark] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Rosen, PA (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This work was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with NASA.		14	1	1	1	5	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							4897	4900					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039804205					2020-09-09	
S	Tang, WQ; Yueh, S; Yang, DQ; Fore, A; Hayashi, A			IEEE	Tang, Wenqing; Yueh, Simon; Yang, Daqing; Fore, Alexander; Hayashi, Akiko			INVESTIGATING THE UTILITY AND LIMITATION OF SMAP SEA SURFACE SALINITY IN MONITORING THE ARCTIC FRESHWATER SYSTEM	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SMAP; SSS; Arctic; freshwater; monitoring; sea ice; river discharge		Sea surface salinity (SSS) plays a critical role in the water cycle. In the Arctic Ocean, SSS responses to river discharge, sea ice melting/freezing and drifting, surface freshwater forcing (precipitation and evaporation), and ocean transport through open straits from/to Pacific and Atlantic oceans. However, in situ SSS data in the Arctic Ocean are very sparse. The L-band microwave radiometer on board of NASA SMAP mission provides salinity measurements since April 2015, at 40 km resolution with global ocean coverage in similar to 3 days. With improved land/ice correction and RFI detection, SMAP SSS are retrieved in ice-free regions near the river mouth and ice edge. The collocated SMAP SSS and in situ salinity data collected by AXCTD from Ocean Melting Greenland (OMG) 2016 field campaign along Greenland coast show reasonable agreement in revealing the freshening signature, which is not seen in ocean model output. During the open water season (August), SMAP SSS were retrieved in Chukchi Sea (2015), in Prudhoe Bay and East Siberian Sea (2016), and in Kara Sea in both years. The SSS contrast between the two years is consistent with sea ice concentration observations. Variability of SSS in Kara Sea is correlated positively with adjacent river discharges but negatively with the salinity of water transported from Atlantic Ocean.	[Tang, Wenqing; Yueh, Simon; Fore, Alexander; Hayashi, Akiko] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Yang, Daqing] Environm & Climate Change Canada, Natl Hydrol Res Ctr, Saskatoon, SK, Canada	Tang, WQ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							4	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							5647	5650					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039805123					2020-09-09	
S	Jia, SY; Kim, SH; Nghiem, SV; Cho, W; Kafatos, MC			IEEE	Jia, Shenyue; Kim, Seung Hee; Nghiem, Son V.; Cho, Wonhee; Kafatos, Menas C.			ESTIMATING LIVE FUEL MOISTURE IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA USING REMOTE SENSING VEGETATION WATER CONTENT PROXIES	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Wildfire; live fuel moisture; SMAP; soil moisture; vegetation water content; remote sensing; recurrent neural network; Southern California		Wildfires are a major ecological disturbance in Southern California and often lead to great destruction along the Wildland-Urban Interface. Live fuel moisture has been used as an important indicator of wildfire risk in measurements of vegetation water content. However, the limited field measurements of live fuel moisture in both time and space have affected the accuracy of wildfire risk estimations. Traditional estimation of live fuel moisture using remote sensing data was based on vegetation indices, indirect proxies of vegetation water content and subject to influence from weather conditions. In this study, we investigated the feasibility of estimating live fuel moisture using vegetation indices, Soil Moisture Active Passive L-band soil moisture data and the modeled vegetation water content using a nonlinear model based on VIs and the stem factor associated with remote sensing moisture data products. The stem factor describes the peak amount of water residing in stems of plants and varies by land cover. We also compared the outcomes from regression models and recurrent neural network using the same independent variables. We found the modeled vegetation water content outperformed vegetation indices and the L-band soil moisture observations, suggesting a nonlinear relationship between live fuel moisture and the remotely sensed vegetation signatures. We discuss our results which will improve the predictability of live fuel moisture.	[Jia, Shenyue; Kim, Seung Hee; Kafatos, Menas C.] Chapman Univ, CEESMO, Orange, CA 92866 USA; [Nghiem, Son V.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Cho, Wonhee] Korea Soongsil Cyber Univ, Dept Comp & Informat Commun, Seoul, South Korea	Jia, SY (corresponding author), Chapman Univ, CEESMO, Orange, CA 92866 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); NASA Land-Cover and Land-Use Change (LCLUC) ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, was supported by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The support by the NASA Land-Cover and Land-Use Change (LCLUC) Program for the research at JPL on urbanization and impacts, including urban-wildland interface in fire-prone regions, is acknowledged. We also acknowledge Kristen Whitney and Ramesh Singh from Schmid College of Science and Technology, Chapman University for their valued contribution to the data analysis and manuscript preparation.		9	1	1	0	3	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							5887	5890					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039805179					2020-09-09	
S	Diner, DJ; Burke, KA; Pearson, J; Xu, F; Garay, MJ; Kalashnikova, OV; Nastan, A; Liu, Y; Martin, RV; Wang, J; Ostro, B; Hasheminassab, S			IEEE	Diner, David J.; Burke, Kevin A.; Pearson, John; Xu, Feng; Garay, Michael J.; Kalashnikova, Olga V.; Nastan, Abigail; Liu, Yang; Martin, Randall V.; Wang, Jun; Ostro, Bart; Hasheminassab, Sina			MAPPING SPECIATED AMBIENT PARTICULATE MATTER CONCENTRATIONS WITH THE MULTI-ANGLE IMAGER FOR AEROSOLS (MAIA)	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Particulate matter; aerosols; remote sensing; human health	OPTICAL DEPTH	Airborne particulate matter (PM) is a well-known cause of cardiovascular disease and mortality and has also been associated with respiratory disease, low birth weight, lung cancer, and other adverse health outcomes. However, our understanding of the relative toxicity of specific PM types-mixtures with different proportions of particles of various sizes, shapes, and compositions-is less well understood. Observations from space, in conjunction with data from surface monitors and chemical transport models, offer a practical means of generating frequent, high spatial resolution maps of PM concentrations in major population centers around the world. The Multi-Angle Imager for Aerosols (MAIA) investigation, currently in development, is motivated by the scientific and societal benefits of linking PM types with adverse health outcomes and the value of satellite observations for addressing this objective.	[Diner, David J.; Burke, Kevin A.; Pearson, John; Xu, Feng; Garay, Michael J.; Kalashnikova, Olga V.; Nastan, Abigail] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Liu, Yang] Emory Univ, Atlanta, GA 30322 USA; [Martin, Randall V.] Dalhousie Univ, Halifax, NS, Canada; [Wang, Jun] Univ Iowa, Iowa City, IA USA; [Ostro, Bart] Univ Calif Davis, Davis, CA 95616 USA; [Hasheminassab, Sina] South Coast Air Qual Management Dist, Diamond Bar, CA USA	Diner, DJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Liu, Yang/AAA-7224-2019; Garay, Michael/AAJ-8106-2020; Martin, Randall/C-1205-2014; Kalashnikova, Olga/E-6818-2019	Liu, Yang/0000-0001-5477-2186; Garay, Michael/0000-0002-1374-5074; Martin, Randall/0000-0003-2632-8402; Kalashnikova, Olga/0000-0002-1330-1529				11	0	0	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6022	6025					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039805210					2020-09-09	
S	Natraj, V; Jiang, JH; Kopparla, P; Yung, YL; Doicu, A; Loyola, D			IEEE	Natraj, Vijay; Jiang, Jonathan H.; Kopparla, Pushkar; Yung, Yuk L.; Doicu, Adrian; Loyola, Diego			Aerosol Retrievals from DSCOVR Measurements	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		aerosol; vertical profile; retrievals; EPIC	OPTICAL DEPTH; B-BAND; OXYGEN; SENSITIVITY; O-2; EPIC/DSCOVR; ATMOSPHERE; ABSORPTION; RESOLUTION; ALTITUDE	Atmospheric aerosols play a central role in the Earth's radiative budget. Together with various greenhouse gases, aerosols represent the most significant anthropogenic forcing responsible for climate change. However, uncertainties about the origin and composition of aerosol particles, their size distribution, concentration, spatial and temporal variability, make climate change prediction challenging. In order to quantify the influence of aerosols on the Earth's climate and to better validate climate models, information about their global abundance, properties and height distribution are needed. We use measurements of the Oxygen A and B bands from the Earth Polychromatic Imaging Camera (EPIC) onboard the Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR) to retrieve aerosol parameters such as optical depth, height and effective radius. Aerosol retrievals are ill-posed because of the large spatial and temporal variability in their composition and vertical distribution. We compare several retrieval methods and determine the optimum technique for the retrieval algorithm.	[Natraj, Vijay; Jiang, Jonathan H.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Earth Atmospher Sci, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Kopparla, Pushkar; Yung, Yuk L.] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Doicu, Adrian; Loyola, Diego] German Aerosp Ctr DLR, Remote Sensing Technol Inst, Oberpfaffenhofen, Germany	Natraj, V (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Earth Atmospher Sci, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	vijay.natraj@jpl.nasa.gov			NASA Earth Science U.S. Participating Investigator program	Part of this work was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology. This work was funded by the NASA Earth Science U.S. Participating Investigator program.		20	1	1	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6026	6028					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039805211					2020-09-09	
S	Kim, S; Huang, HT; Liao, TH			IEEE	Kim, Seungbum; Huang, Huanting; Liao, Tienhao			INVERSION OF PHYSICAL MODELS USING L-BAND AIRBORNE SAR DATA FOR SOIL MOISTURE ESTIMATES AT FIELD SCALE	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		L-band; soil moisture; SAR	VEGETATION; RETRIEVAL	L-band capability to monitor soil moisture at field scale (similar to 100m) is examined using ground and airborne radar data. We report the recent progress in inverting physically-based forward models for radar scattering through time-series retrieval algorithm to systematically correct for the effect of the roughness and vegetation. The retrievals are performed for various vegetation types: pasture, corn, soybean, canola, and shrub over the entire vegetation growth cycles. Various changes to the forward and retrieval algorithm per each species are summarized. Assessed over all available fields of corn, bean, pasture, and wheat, the data-cube time-series inversion has the retrieval rmse of 0.050 to 0.075 m(3)/m(3), and the correlation of 0.5 to 0.9.	[Kim, Seungbum] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Huang, Huanting] Univ Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Liao, Tienhao] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Kim, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							12	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6115	6118					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039805234					2020-09-09	
S	Mattia, F; Balenzano, A; Satalino, G; Lovergine, F; Peng, J; Wegmuller, U; Cartus, O; Davidson, MWJ; Kim, S; Johnson, J; Walker, J; Wu, X; Pauwels, VRN; McNairn, H; Caldwell, T; Cosh, M; Jackson, T			IEEE	Mattia, F.; Balenzano, A.; Satalino, G.; Lovergine, F.; Peng, J.; Wegmuller, U.; Cartus, O.; Davidson, M. W. J.; Kim, S.; Johnson, J.; Walker, J.; Wu, X.; Pauwels, V. R. N.; McNairn, H.; Caldwell, T.; Cosh, M.; Jackson, T.			SENTINEL-1 & SENTINEL-2 FOR SOIL MOISTURE RETRIEVAL AT FIELD SCALE	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Soil moisture content; high resolution; Sentinel-1; Sentinel-2; SMOS; SMAP; ASCAT	BAND SAR DATA	Soil moisture content is an essential climate variable that is operationally delivered at low resolution (e.g. 36-9 km) by earth observation missions, such as ESA/SMOS, NASA/SMAP and EUMETSAT/ASCAT. However numerous land applications would benefit from the availability of soil moisture maps at higher resolution. For this reason, there is a large research effort to develop soil moisture products at higher resolution using, for instance, data acquired by the new ESA's Sentinel missions. The objective of this study is twofold. First, it presents the validation status of a pre-operational soil moisture product derived from Sentinel-1 at 1 km resolution. Second, it assesses the possibility of integrating Sentinel-2 data and additional ancillary information, such as parcel borders and high resolution soil texture maps, in order to obtain soil moisture maps at "field scale" resolution, i.e. similar to 0.1 km Case studies concerning agricultural sites located in Europe are presented.	[Mattia, F.; Balenzano, A.; Satalino, G.; Lovergine, F.] CNR, ISSIA, Bari, Italy; [Peng, J.] Ludwig Maximilians Univ Munchen LMU, Dept Geog, Munich, Germany; [Peng, J.] Max Planck Inst Meteorol, Hamburg, Germany; [Wegmuller, U.; Cartus, O.] Gamma Remote Sensing Res & Consulting AG GAMMA, Gumlingen, Switzerland; [Davidson, M. W. J.] Estec, ESA, NL-2201 Noordwijk, Netherlands; [Kim, S.] CALTECH, JPL, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Johnson, J.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Elec & Comp Engn, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Walker, J.; Wu, X.; Pauwels, V. R. N.] Monash Univ, Dept Civil Engn, Clayton, Vic, Australia; [McNairn, H.] Agr & Agri Food Canada, Sci & Technol Branch, Ottawa, ON, Canada; [Caldwell, T.] Univ Texas Austin, Bur Econ Geol, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Cosh, M.; Jackson, T.] USDA, Hydrol & Remote Sensing Lab, Beltsville, MD 20705 USA	Mattia, F (corresponding author), CNR, ISSIA, Bari, Italy.		Caldwell, Todd G./H-5129-2011; Satalino, Giuseppe/K-4482-2013	Caldwell, Todd G./0000-0003-4068-0648; Satalino, Giuseppe/0000-0003-1566-5497; Wu, Xiaoling/0000-0002-9047-2970; Walker, Jeffrey/0000-0002-4817-2712	Scientific Exploitation of Operational Missions (SEOM) program of the European Space Agency [ESA/AO/1-8306/15/I-NB]; Horizon 2020 Research and Innovation Program of the European Union, through the project "Sentinels Synergy for Agriculture (Sensagri)" [730074]	This research is supported by the Scientific Exploitation of Operational Missions (SEOM) program of the European Space Agency, through the project "Exploitation of S-1 for Surface Soil Moisture Retrieval at High Resolution (Exploit-S-1)" (contract ESA/AO/1-8306/15/I-NB) and by the Horizon 2020 Research and Innovation Program of the European Union, through the project "Sentinels Synergy for Agriculture (Sensagri)" (Grant Agreement no 730074). Authors thanks the teams providing SM data of various hydrologic networks and the International Soil Moisture networks for providing the Remedhus and Elm Creek data.		10	2	2	0	4	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6143	6146					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039805241					2020-09-09	
S	Xu, XL; Baldi, CA; De Bleser, JW; Lei, Y; Yueh, S; Esteban-Fernandez, D			IEEE	Xu, Xiaolan; Baldi, Chad A.; De Bleser, Jan-Willem; Lei, Yang; Yueh, Simon; Esteban-Fernandez, Daniel			Multi-frequency Tomography Radar Observations of Snow Stratigraphy at Fraser during SnowEx	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		tomography; snow; FMCW radar; SWE		SnowEx is a multi-year airborne snow campaign led by NASA. The purpose of SnowEx is to figure out how much water is stored in Earth's terrestrial snow-covered regions. As part of the 2017 NASA SnowEx campaign, we deployed a portable triple-frequency (9.6GHz, 13.5GHz and 17.2GHz) and fully polarimetric frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW) radar at Fraser, Colorado. The radar was installed on a 60cmx60cm frame to enable a full reconstruction of the three-dimensional variability per each radar channel. The tomography technique uses the radar echo from the multiple viewing positions and provides a unique access to the vertical structure of the snow layer. With current setup, the range resolution is 30cm. In this paper, we will review the radar design and signal-processing algorithm - time domain back projection. The generated vertical images show the snow stratigraphy, which is consistent with ground snow pit measurement. The continuous operation demonstrates diurnal thawing and refreezing process. The snow density is retrieved by comparing to the snow free image.	[Xu, Xiaolan; Baldi, Chad A.; De Bleser, Jan-Willem; Lei, Yang; Yueh, Simon; Esteban-Fernandez, Daniel] CALTECH, Jet Propusl Laborotory, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Xu, XL (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Propusl Laborotory, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	xiaolan.xu@jpl.nasa.gov						8	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6269	6272					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039806016					2020-09-09	
S	Shah, R; Yueh, S; Xu, XL; Elder, K; Huang, HT; Tsang, L			IEEE	Shah, Rashmi; Yueh, Simon; Xu, Xiaolan; Elder, Kelly; Huang, Huanting; Tsang, Leung			EXPERIMENTAL RESULTS OF SNOW MEASUREMENT USING P-BAND SIGNALS OF OPPORTUNITY	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Snow Water Equivalent; Signals of Opportunity; Bistatic Radar; Phase Measurement	OCEAN	This paper shows results from a proof-of-concept tower experiment that computed phase from a reflected P-band signal. The change in phase of the reflected signal is related to SWE for dry snow and snow depth for wet snow and the rate of change of phase is directly correlated to frequency of observation. The effect of vegetation was also evaluated by using measurements from two towers: one with no vegetation and one surrounded by small trees with heights of up to 3 meters. The phase measurement from the two sites had excellent correlation of 0.99 during the accumulation phase. The correlation between SWE and phase measurement was found to be between 0.95 and 0.98 during the accumulation phase. During the melt phase, negative correlation between 0.68 and 0.80 was found between snow depth and phase measurement.	[Shah, Rashmi; Yueh, Simon; Xu, Xiaolan] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Elder, Kelly] US Forest Serv, Ft Collins, CO USA; [Huang, Huanting; Tsang, Leung] Univ Michigan, Dept Elect Engn & Comp Sci, Radiat Lab, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA	Shah, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							8	1	1	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6280	6283					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039806019					2020-09-09	
S	Skiles, SM; Lund, J; Painter, TH			IEEE	Skiles, S. McKenzie; Lund, Jewell; Painter, Thomas H.			GROUND VALIDATION OF AIRBORNE SNOW OBSERVATORY SPECTRAL AND BROADBAND SNOW ALBEDO DURING SNOWEX '17	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Imaging spectroscopy; field spectroscopy; albedo; snow reflectivity; snow hydrology	GRAIN-SIZE; IMAGING SPECTROMETER; COVERED AREA; SPECTROSCOPY	Despite the well-established understanding that the timing and magnitude of snowmelt is determined by net solar radiation, ground and remotely sensed measurements of snow reflectance and albedo at relevant [spatial, spectral, or temporal] resolution are sparse, particularly in complex mountainous terrain. The Airborne Snow Observatory, a coupled lidar and imaging spectrometer platform, has been monitoring time series of snow reflectance over entire mountain basins since 2013 and the ASO imaging spectrometer products, including albedo, build upon a legacy of algorithms for retrieving snow properties from the unique spectral signature of snow. Here, we present a ground validation of ASO spectral and broadband snow albedo from coincident ground measurements collected in Senator Beck Basin, San Juan Mountains, CO, USA during the February 2017 NASA SnowEx field campaign.	[Skiles, S. McKenzie; Lund, Jewell] Univ Utah, Dept Geog, Salt Lake City, UT 84112 USA; [Painter, Thomas H.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA	Skiles, SM (corresponding author), Univ Utah, Dept Geog, Salt Lake City, UT 84112 USA.		Painter, Thomas/P-1284-2019					14	1	1	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6287	6290					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039806021					2020-09-09	
S	Peral, E; Statham, S; Im, E; Tanelli, S; Imken, T; Price, D; Sauder, J; Chahat, N; Williams, A			IEEE	Peral, Eva; Statham, Shannon; Im, Eastwood; Tanelli, Simone; Imken, Travis; Price, Douglas; Sauder, Jonathan; Chahat, Nacer; Williams, Austin			THE RADAR-IN-A-CUBESAT (RAINCUBE) AND MEASUREMENT RESULTS.	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Atmospheric radar; CubeSats		RainCube (Radar in a CubeSat) is a technology demonstration mission to enable Ka-band precipitation radar technologies on a low-cost, quick-turnaround platform. The mission is manifested for an ISS deployment with the ELaNa-23 launch, currently scheduled in May, 2018. Radar instruments have often been regarded as unsuitable for small satellite platforms due to their traditionally large size, weight, and power. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) has developed a novel architecture compatible with the 6U class. The RainCube mission will validate two key technologies in the space environment - a miniaturized Ka-band precipitation profiling radar that occupies similar to 2.5U and a 0.5m Ka-band deployable parabolic antenna stowed within 1.5U. The spacecraft bus is developed by Tyvak Nanosatellite Systems, who will be responsible for integration of the flight system and mission operations. RainCube is funded through the Science Mission Directorate's (SMD) Research Opportunities in Space and Earth Science (ROSES) 2015 In-Space Validation of Earth Science Technologies (InVEST) solicitation with the goal of raising the instrument TRL to 7.	[Peral, Eva; Statham, Shannon; Im, Eastwood; Tanelli, Simone; Imken, Travis; Price, Douglas; Sauder, Jonathan; Chahat, Nacer] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Williams, Austin] Tyvak Nanosatellite Syst Inc, 15265 Alton Pkwy,Suite 200, Irvine, CA 92618 USA	Peral, E (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	eva.peral@jpl.nasa.gov; austin@tyvak.com		Imken, Travis/0000-0002-7887-3667				8	2	2	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6297	6300					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039806024					2020-09-09	
S	Reising, SC; Gaier, TC; Padmanabhan, S; Lim, BH; Heneghan, C; Kummerow, CD; Berg, W; Chandrasekar, V; Radhakrishnan, C; Brown, ST; Carvo, J; Pallas, M			IEEE	Reising, Steven C.; Gaier, Todd C.; Padmanabhan, Sharmila; Lim, Boon H.; Heneghan, Cate; Kummerow, Christian D.; Berg, Wesley; Chandrasekar, V.; Radhakrishnan, C.; Brown, Shannon T.; Carvo, John; Pallas, Matthew			AN EARTH VENTURE IN-SPACE TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION MISSION FOR TEMPORAL EXPERIMENT FOR STORMS AND TROPICAL SYSTEMS (TEMPEST)	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		microwave radiometry; millimeter-wave; direct detection receiver; clouds; precipitation; temporal measurements; small satellites; and CubeSats		The Temporal Experiment for Storms and Tropical Systems (TEMPEST) mission concept consists of a constellation of five identical 6U-Class nanosatellites observing at five millimeter-wave frequencies with five-minute temporal sampling to observe the time evolution of clouds and their transition to precipitation. The TEMPEST concept is intended to improve understanding of cloud processes, by providing critical information on the temporal development of cloud and precipitation microphysics and by improving our understanding of some of the largest sources of uncertainty in cloud process models. TEMPEST millimeter-wave radiometers are able to perform observations inside the cloud to observe changes as the cloud begins to precipitate or ice accumulates inside the storm. The TEMPEST Technology Demonstration (TEMPEST-D) mission is intended to reduce risk and demonstrate measurement capabilities for 6U-Class satellite constellations for Earth Science. The capabilities to be demonstrated include differential drag maneuvers to provide desired time separation in a 6U-Class satellites constellation. In addition, TEMPEST-D millimeter-wave radiometers will be cross-calibrated with space-borne radiometers with similar frequency channels. TEMPEST-D will provide radiometric observations at five millimeterwave frequencies from 89 to 183 GHz using a lowpower, compact instrument that is highly suitable for deployment on 6U-Class satellites.	[Reising, Steven C.; Chandrasekar, V.; Radhakrishnan, C.] Colorado State Univ, Elect & Comp Engn Dept, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA; [Gaier, Todd C.; Padmanabhan, Sharmila; Lim, Boon H.; Heneghan, Cate; Brown, Shannon T.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA USA; [Kummerow, Christian D.; Berg, Wesley] Colorado State Univ, Dept Atmospher Sci, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA; [Carvo, John; Pallas, Matthew] Blue Canyon Technol, Boulder, CO USA	Reising, SC (corresponding author), Colorado State Univ, Elect & Comp Engn Dept, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA.		Chandrasekar, V/AAJ-5142-2020					5	4	4	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6301	6303					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039806025					2020-09-09	
S	Misra, S; Brown, S; Jarnot, R; Felten, C; Bendig, R; Kocz, J; McKelvey, C; Ball, C; Chen, CC; O'Brien, A; Smith, G; Andrews, M; Garry, JL; Johnson, J; Mohammed, P; Lucey, J; Horgan, K; Bonds, Q; Duran-Aviles, C; Solly, M; Peng, JZ; Piepmeier, J; Laczkowski, D; Pallas, M; Krauss, E			IEEE	Misra, Sidharth; Brown, Shannon; Jarnot, Robert; Felten, Carl; Bendig, Rudi; Kocz, Jonathan; McKelvey, Christa; Ball, Christopher; Chen, Chi-Chih; O'Brien, Andrew; Smith, Graeme; Andrews, Mark; Garry, J. Landon; Johnson, Joel; Mohammed, Priscilla; Lucey, Jared; Horgan, Kevin; Bonds, Quenton; Duran-Aviles, Carlos; Solly, Michael; Peng, Jinzheng; Piepmeier, Jeffrey; Laczkowski, Doug; Pallas, Matthew; Krauss, Ervin			CubeSat Radiometer Radio Frequency Interference Technology (CubeRRT) Validation Mission: Enabling Future Resource-Constrained Science Missions	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		microwave radiometry; radio frequency interference; CubeSat	RADIOFREQUENCY INTERFERENCE	In this paper we discuss the necessary technology required to enable the future of spectrum resource constrained missions. We discuss the CubeSat Radiometer Radio Frequency Interference Technology (CubeRRT) validation mission and the development of its digital backend, necessary for performing on-board RFI detection and filtering for wideband high frequency radiometry. The CubeRRT mission will validate the on-board RFI filtering technology solving technological challenges such as bandwidth, data downlink volume, and RFI types. We present a few initial results of the backend spectrometer leading to full-system integration and test.	[Misra, Sidharth; Brown, Shannon; Jarnot, Robert; Felten, Carl; Bendig, Rudi] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Kocz, Jonathan] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [McKelvey, Christa; Ball, Christopher; Chen, Chi-Chih; O'Brien, Andrew; Smith, Graeme; Andrews, Mark; Garry, J. Landon; Johnson, Joel] Ohio State Univ, Dept Elect & Comp Engn, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [McKelvey, Christa; Ball, Christopher; Chen, Chi-Chih; O'Brien, Andrew; Smith, Graeme; Andrews, Mark; Garry, J. Landon; Johnson, Joel] Ohio State Univ, Electrosci Lab, Columbus, OH 43212 USA; [Mohammed, Priscilla; Lucey, Jared; Horgan, Kevin; Bonds, Quenton; Duran-Aviles, Carlos; Solly, Michael; Peng, Jinzheng; Piepmeier, Jeffrey] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Laczkowski, Doug; Pallas, Matthew; Krauss, Ervin] Blue Canyon Technol, Boulder, CO USA	Misra, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Chen, Chi-Chih/AAC-5969-2020	Chen, Chi-Chih/0000-0001-6016-7708				4	2	2	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6308	6311					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039806027					2020-09-09	
S	Gunapala, S; Ting, D; Soibel, A; Khoshakhlagh, A; Keo, S; Rafol, S; Hill, C; Fisher, A; Luong, E; Liu, J; Mumolo, J; Pepper, B; Choi, KK; D'Souza, A; Masterjohn, C			IEEE	Gunapala, Sarath; Ting, David; Soibel, Alexander; Khoshakhlagh, Arezou; Keo, Sam; Rafol, Sir; Hill, Cory; Fisher, Anita; Luong, Edward; Liu, John; Mumolo, Jason; Pepper, Brian; Choi, Kwong-Kit; D'Souza, Arvind; Masterjohn, Christopher			High Dynamic Range Infrared Sensors for Remote Sensing Applications	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		type-II superlattice; infrared detector; high quantum efficiency; high dynamic range; focal plane array			[Gunapala, Sarath; Ting, David; Soibel, Alexander; Khoshakhlagh, Arezou; Keo, Sam; Rafol, Sir; Hill, Cory; Fisher, Anita; Luong, Edward; Liu, John; Mumolo, Jason; Pepper, Brian] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Ctr Infrared Photodetectors, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Choi, Kwong-Kit] US Army, Res Lab, Res Dev & Engn Command, Adelphi, MD USA; [D'Souza, Arvind; Masterjohn, Christopher] DRS Network & Imaging Syst Inc, Cypress, CA USA	Gunapala, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Ctr Infrared Photodetectors, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Hill, Cory J./AAP-7742-2020					25	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6342	6345					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039806036					2020-09-09	
S	Vicente-Guijalba, F; Jacob, A; Lopez-Sanchez, JM; Lopez-Martinez, C; Duro, J; Notarnicola, C; Ziolkowski, D; Mestre-Quereda, A; Pottier, E; Mallorqui, JJ; Lavalle, M; Engdahl, M			IEEE	Vicente-Guijalba, F.; Jacob, A.; Lopez-Sanchez, J. M.; Lopez-Martinez, C.; Duro, J.; Notarnicola, C.; Ziolkowski, D.; Mestre-Quereda, A.; Pottier, E.; Mallorqui, J. J.; Lavalle, M.; Engdahl, M.			SINCOHMAP: LAND-COVER AND VEGETATION MAPPING USING MULTI-TEMPORAL SENTINEL-1 INTERFEROMETRIC COHERENCE	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SInCohMap; SAR; InSAR; coherence; Sentinel-1; land-cover; mapping; vegetation; classification		InSAR coherence is a promising parameter for land-cover classification and mapping. The ESA SEOM SInCohMap project is devised to test and analyze multi-temporal InSAR coherence potentialities exploiting dense multitemporal data from the Sentinel1 constellation. In the framework of the project, this paper shows the first classification results using machine learning algorithms over a two-year period of InSAR coherence data. The evaluation is performed on the test site of Donana (Seville, Southwestern Spain), mainly an agricultural area where different land covers can be identified. Classification results exploiting InSAR coherence shows accuracies around 80 % for this site.	[Vicente-Guijalba, F.; Duro, J.] Dares Technol, Barcelona, Spain; [Jacob, A.; Notarnicola, C.] Eurac, Inst Earth Observat, Bolzano, Italy; [Lopez-Sanchez, J. M.; Mestre-Quereda, A.] Univ Alicante, IUII, Alicante, Spain; [Lopez-Martinez, C.] Luxembourg Inst Sci & Technol, Belvaux, Luxembourg; [Ziolkowski, D.] Inst Geodesy & Cartog, Warsaw, Poland; [Pottier, E.] Univ Rennes 1, IETR, Rennes, France; [Mallorqui, J. J.] UPC, CommSensLab, Barcelona, Spain; [Lavalle, M.] CALTECH, JPL, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Engdahl, M.] ESA, ESRIN, Frascati, Italy	Vicente-Guijalba, F (corresponding author), Dares Technol, Barcelona, Spain.		Mallorqui, Jordi J./F-6594-2013	Mallorqui, Jordi J./0000-0002-9424-1889	European Space Agency (ESA) within the frame of the project SEOM SInCohMap "EXPLOITATION OF SENTINEL-1 INTERFEROMETRIC COHERENCE FOR LAND COVER AND VEGETATION MAPPING"; Spanish Ministry of Economy, Industry and Competitiveness (MINECO); State Research Agency (AEI); European Funds for Regional Development (EFRD)European Union (EU) [TEC2017-85244-C2-1-P]; Agencia Estatal de Investigacion, Spain [MDM-2016-0600]	This study is financially supported by the European Space Agency (ESA) within the frame of the project SEOM SInCohMap "EXPLOITATION OF SENTINEL-1 INTERFEROMETRIC COHERENCE FOR LAND COVER AND VEGETATION MAPPING". This research work has been also supported by the Spanish Ministry of Economy, Industry and Competitiveness (MINECO), the State Research Agency (AEI) and the European Funds for Regional Development (EFRD) under project TEC2017-85244-C2-1-P. CommSensLab is Unidad de Excelencia Maria de Maeztu MDM-2016-0600 financed by the Agencia Estatal de Investigacion, Spain.		8	1	1	1	6	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							6631	6634					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039806106					2020-09-09	
S	Ferraz, A; Saatchi, S; Bormann, KJ; Painter, TH			IEEE	Ferraz, Antonio; Saatchi, Sassan; Bormann, Kat J.; Painter, Thomas H.			FUSION OF MULTIPLE LOW-RESOLUTION NASA AIRBORNE SNOW OBSERVATORY (ASO) LIDAR DATA FOR FOREST VEGETATION STRUCTURE CARACTERIZATION	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		lidar; time series; point cloud registration; forest structures analysis	TREE-SIZE; MORTALITY	Airborne lidar provides timely updated maps for monitoring forest change at high resolution but it has been little used for that purpose due to the scarcity of long-term time-series over a common area. The NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory Airborne Snow Observatory (ASO) is a landscape-level monitoring system that provides ongoing multi-year remote sensing measurements over mountainous ecosystems to primary quantify snow volume and dynamics. It collects low-resolution lidar data (similar to 1.5 pt/m(2)) with a nominal weekly frequency up to 12 times a year with measurements that span 2013-2017 over 12 mountain watersheds across the western US that currently face ecological threads. In this work, we present a method to automatically register ASO weekly low-resolution lidar point clouds in order to calculate spatially consistent datasets (similar to 12 pt/m(2)) adapted to fine scale forestry studies. We test the method using 12 lidar datasets acquired over the Tuolumne River Basin (Sierra Nevada, California) in the spring and summer of 2014. On average, the ASO lidar system provides accurate measurements in terms of geolocation (0.38m and 0.12m for the horizontal and vertical dimension, respectively) but some datasets are biased up to 1.38m and 0.53m, respectively. Our registration method successfully corrected for systematic bias improving the 3D geometry of forest point clouds.	[Ferraz, Antonio; Saatchi, Sassan; Bormann, Kat J.; Painter, Thomas H.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ferraz, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Bormann, Kat J/G-9861-2017; Painter, Thomas/AAC-9493-2019; Painter, Thomas/P-1284-2019	Painter, Thomas/0000-0002-7963-5812; 				9	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							7532	7535					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807051					2020-09-09	
S	Shah, R; Garrison, J; Li, ZJ; Ho, SC			IEEE	Shah, Rashmi; Garrison, James; Li, Zhijin; Ho, Soon Chye			COASTAL APPLICATION OF SEA SURFACE HEIGHT MEASUREMENT USING DIRECT BROADCAST SATELLITE SIGNALS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		coastal altimetry; Wideband Signals of Opportunity; bistatic radar	OCEAN	This paper presents results from a proof-of-concept experiment conducted at Platform Harvest to measure Sea Surface Height (SSH) using Ku-and K-band 'Signals of Opportunity' (SoOp) from DirecTV Direct Broadcast Satellite (DBS) system. The retrieved SSH was compared with the SSH measurement from a tide gauge located at the platform; the error in retrieval of Ku-band and K-band was found to be 2.78 cm and 2.58 cm, respectively. This matched the model for error with some differences that can be attributed to the difference in spatial and temporal characteristics of the SoOp and tide gauge measurements. Finally, this paper gives an overview of temporal and spatial sampling possible from a constellation of receivers observing Ku-band SoOp to resolve mesoscale eddies in coastal regions.	[Shah, Rashmi; Li, Zhijin] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Garrison, James; Ho, Soon Chye] Purdue Univ, W Lafayette, IN 47907 USA	Shah, R (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.				National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNH15ZDA001N]	This research carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), California Institute of Technology, was supported under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) under Grant NNH15ZDA001N.		13	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							7676	7679					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807087					2020-09-09	
S	Donnellan, A; Green, J; Ansar, A; Muellerschoen, R; Parker, J; Tanner, A; Lou, YL; Heflin, M; Arrowsmith, R; DeLong, S; Rundle, J; Ludwig, LG; Ben-Zion, Y			IEEE	Donnellan, Andrea; Green, Joseph; Ansar, Adnan; Muellerschoen, Ron; Parker, Jay; Tanner, Alan; Lou, Yunling; Heflin, Michael; Arrowsmith, Ramon; DeLong, Stephen; Rundle, John; Ludwig, Lisa Grant; Ben-Zion, Yehuda			Geodetic Imaging of Fault Systems from Airborne Platforms: UAVSAR and Structure from Motion	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy			EARTHQUAKE		[Donnellan, Andrea; Green, Joseph; Ansar, Adnan; Muellerschoen, Ron; Parker, Jay; Tanner, Alan; Lou, Yunling; Heflin, Michael] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Arrowsmith, Ramon] Arizona State Univ, Tempe, AZ USA; [DeLong, Stephen] US Geol Survey, 345 Middlefield Rd, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Rundle, John] Univ Calif Davis, Davis, CA 95616 USA; [Ludwig, Lisa Grant] Univ Calif Irvine, Irvine, CA 92697 USA; [Ben-Zion, Yehuda] Univ Southern Calif, Los Angeles, CA USA	Donnellan, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	Andrea.Donnellan@jpl.nasa.gov; ramon.arrowsmith@asu.edu; sdelong@usgs.gov; jbrundle@ucdavis.edu; lgrant@uci.edu; benzoin@usc.edu	Donnellan, Andrea/AAB-4367-2020; Ludwig, Lisa Grant/G-6442-2012	Donnellan, Andrea/0000-0001-6843-8373; Ludwig, Lisa Grant/0000-0001-6538-8067				10	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							7878	7881					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807129					2020-09-09	
S	Qin, J; Yanovsky, I			IEEE	Qin, Jing; Yanovsky, Igor			ROBUST SUPER-RESOLUTION IMAGE RECONSTRUCTION METHOD FOR GEOMETRICALLY DEFORMED REMOTE SENSING IMAGES	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Remote sensing images; super-resolution image reconstruction; primal-dual algorithm	REGULARIZATION	Due to the limitations of imaging sensors, remote sensing images often have limited resolution. To address this issue, various super-resolution (SR) image reconstruction techniques have been developed to reconstruct a high-resolution image from a sequence of low-resolution, noisy and blurry observations. In this paper, we propose an efficient super-resolution image reconstruction method for geometrically deformed remote sensing images, based on the nonlocal total variation (NLTV) regularization. The proposed minimization problem is solved by a fast primal-dual algorithm. Numerical experiments demonstrate the performance of the proposed method.	[Qin, Jing] Montana State Univ, Dept Math Sci, Bozeman, MT 59717 USA; [Yanovsky, Igor] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Yanovsky, Igor] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Joint Inst Reg Earth Syst Sci & Engn, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA	Qin, J (corresponding author), Montana State Univ, Dept Math Sci, Bozeman, MT 59717 USA.			Qin, Jing/0000-0001-8630-2904				14	0	0	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8050	8053					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807165					2020-09-09	
S	Angelliaume, S; Dubois-Fernandez, P; Jones, CE; Holt, B; Minchew, B; Amri, E; Miegebielle, V			IEEE	Angelliaume, Sebastien; Dubois-Fernandez, Pascale; Jones, Cathleen E.; Holt, Benjamin; Minchew, Brent; Amri, Emna; Miegebielle, Veronique			OIL SLICK DETECTION IN THE OFFSHORE DOMAIN: EVALUATION OF POLARIZATION-DEPENDENT SAR PARAMETERS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		SAR; radar; polarization; detection; NESZ; noise floor; noise; ocean; sea; oil; spill; slick; marine pollution; ROC curves; probability of detection; probability of false alarm	POLARIMETRIC SAR; SPILL DETECTION; IMAGES	Remote sensing technology is an essential link in the global monitoring of the ocean surface and radars are efficient sensors for detecting marine pollution. When used operationally, a tradeoff must usually be made between the covered area and the quantity of information collected by the radar. To identify the most appropriate imaging mode, a methodology based on Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve analysis has been applied to an original dataset collected by an airborne system, SETHI, characterized by a very low instrument noise floor. The dataset was acquired during an oil spill clean-up exercise carried out in 2015 in the North Sea. Various polarization-dependent quantities are investigated and a relative ordering of the main polarimetric parameters is reported. VV offers the best tradeoff between the benefit of detection performance and the instrument and data requirements. When the sensor has a sufficiently low noise floor, HV is also recommended because it provides strong slick-sea contrast. Among all the investigated quad-polarimetric settings, no significant added value compared to single-polarized data was found.	[Angelliaume, Sebastien; Dubois-Fernandez, Pascale; Amri, Emna] Off Natl Etud & Rech Aerosp, Dept Electromagnet & Radar, BA701, F-13661 Salon Air, France; [Jones, Cathleen E.; Holt, Benjamin] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Minchew, Brent] British Antarctic Survey, Madingley Rd, Cambridge CB3 0ET, England; [Miegebielle, Veronique] CSTJF, TOTAL, Ave Larribau, F-64018 Pau, France	Angelliaume, S (corresponding author), Off Natl Etud & Rech Aerosp, Dept Electromagnet & Radar, BA701, F-13661 Salon Air, France.				French National Research Agency (ANR)French National Research Agency (ANR) [ANR-13-ECOT-007]; TOTAL (the French petroleum company); ONERA (the French Aerospace Lab)	Research presented in this paper is part of the POLLUPROOF research program (ANR-13-ECOT-007) funded by the French National Research Agency (ANR) as well as the NAOMI (New Advanced Observation Method Integration) project, a common research program between TOTAL (the French petroleum company) and ONERA (the French Aerospace Lab).		15	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8096	8099					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807176					2020-09-09	
S	Pourshamsi, M; Garcia, M; Lavalle, M; Pottier, E; Balzter, H			IEEE	Pourshamsi, Maryam; Garcia, Mariano; Lavalle, Marco; Pottier, Eric; Balzter, Heiko			MACHINE-LEARNING FUSION OF POLSAR AND LIDAR DATA FOR TROPICAL FOREST CANOPY HEIGHT ESTIMATION	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Forest height; Polarimetric synthetic aperture radar (PolSAR); LiDAR; fusion; Support Vector Machine (SVM)	RADAR	This paper investigates the benefits of integrating polarimetric radar variables with LiDAR samples using Support Vector Machine (SVM) to estimate forest canopy height. Multiple polarimetric variables are required as an input to ensure consistent height retrieval performance across a broad range of forest heights. We train the SVM with LiDAR samples and different polarimetric variables based on 5000 samples (less than 1% of the full subset) collected across the images using a stratified random sampling approach. The trained SVM was applied to the rest of the image using the same variables but excluding the LiDAR samples. The estimated height was cross validated versus LiDAR-derived height (RH100) yielding overall good accuracy with r(2)=0.86 and RMSE = 6.8 m.	[Pourshamsi, Maryam; Balzter, Heiko] Univ Leicester, Ctr Landscape & Climate Res, Leicester, Leics, England; [Garcia, Mariano] Univ Alcala De Henares, Dept Geol Geog & Environm, Madrid, Spain; [Lavalle, Marco] NASA, Jet Prop Lab, CALTECH, Pasadena, CA USA; [Pottier, Eric] Univ Rennes 1, Inst Elect & Telecommun Rennes, Rennes, France	Pourshamsi, M (corresponding author), Univ Leicester, Ctr Landscape & Climate Res, Leicester, Leics, England.				University of Leicester within the 7th European Community Framework Programme (ForeStMap - 3D Forest Structure Monitoring and Mapping) [629376]	We acknowledge NASA and ESA for their joint effort in conducting the AfriSAR campaign. UAVSAR data preprocessing carried out at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology. LiDAR data sets were provided by the Laser Vegetation and Ice Sensor team at the Laser Remote Sensing Branch of the NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center. We would like to thank the teams from UCL and CESBIO for collecting the field data. During this research Mariano Garcia was a Marie Curie International Outgoing Research Fellow at the University of Leicester within the 7th European Community Framework Programme (ForeStMap -3D Forest Structure Monitoring and Mapping, Project Reference: 629376). The contents on this paper reflect only the authors' views and not the views of the European Commission.		10	0	0	1	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8108	8111					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807177					2020-09-09	
S	Lavalle, M; Shiroma, GHX; Rosen, PA; Hensley, S			IEEE	Lavalle, Marco; Shiroma, Gustavo H. X.; Rosen, Paul A.; Hensley, Scott			TEMPORAL VARIABILITY OF SOIL AND VEGETATION BACKSCATTERING OBSERVED IN DENSE L-BAND TIME-SERIES	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy				We study the temporal variability of soil and vegetation backscatter at L-band using a dense airborne time-series. Backscatter is assumed to change over time due to diurnal variations in soil and canopy water content as well as precipitations. A two-layer SAR backscatter model traditionally used for above-ground biomass retrieval is augmented here with the time dimension in order to guide the data analysis. The model is informed by examining a 5-year time-series of 32 L-band polarimetric UAVSAR images acquired over a vegetated area near the Sacramento Delta in California. Our initial results reported in this paper show that the temporal variability of soil and vegetation backscatter in absence of precipitation events fits well a lognormal probability distribution with mean and standard deviation related to each other. Characterizing the diurnal, seasonal and interannual variability of L-band backscatter may be critical for the successful estimation of ecosystem variables from dense time-series to be acquired globally by the NISAR mission.	[Lavalle, Marco; Shiroma, Gustavo H. X.; Rosen, Paul A.; Hensley, Scott] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Lavalle, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8147	8150					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807187					2020-09-09	
S	Chapman, B; Kasischke, ES			IEEE	Chapman, Bruce; Kasischke, Eric S.			EVALUATION OF ABoVE STUDY REGION SITES FOR FUTURE CALIBRATION AND VALIDATION OF NISAR SCIENCE REQUIREMENTS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		ABoVE; NISAR; Sentinel-1; biomass	BIOMASS; ERS-1	The ecosystem science requirements for the NASA ISRO Synthetic Aperture Radar (NISAR) will need to be validated after its launch in 2021 [1]. NASA has also been conducting a major field campaign in the boreal region of North America called the Arctic Boreal Vulnerability Experiment (ABoVE) [2]. ABoVE presents an opportunity to establish critical Cal/Val sites for the NISAR mission, as requirements for estimating biomass under 100 t/ha, detecting disturbance in forested areas, delineation of wetland inundation, and measuring permafrost deformation must be validated in the boreal region. Here, we describe preliminary analysis of field measurements collected as part of ABoVE against a time series of C-band SAR data from the ESA Sentinel-1 satellites.	[Chapman, Bruce] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Kasischke, Eric S.] Univ Maryland, College Pk, MD 20742 USA	Chapman, B (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.			Chapman, Bruce/0000-0002-6054-7695				7	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8279	8281					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807222					2020-09-09	
S	Zuffada, C; Haines, B; Hajj, G; Li, ZJ; Lowe, S; Shah, R; Mashburn, J; Axelrad, P; O'Brien, A; Cipollini, P; Zavorotny, V; Voronovich, A			IEEE	Zuffada, Cinzia; Haines, Bruce; Hajj, George; Li, Zhijin; Lowe, Stephen; Shah, Rashmi; Mashburn, Jake; Axelrad, Penina; O'Brien, Andrew; Cipollini, Paolo; Zavorotny, Valery; Voronovich, Alexander			Assessing the Altimetric Measurement from CYGNSS Data	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy				The Cyclone Global Navigation Satellite System (CYGNSS) mission was designed to study hurricane intensification by measuring wind speeds in tropical cyclones. However, the delay-Doppler maps (DDM) that are produced can be used to estimate the sea surface height (SSH) at the specular reflection point on the ocean surface. Proofof- concept studies that DDMs are suitable to solve for SSH have been recently reported (Clarizia et al., 2016; Mashburn et al., 2018), based on data acquired by the demonstration satellite experiment Tech Demo Sat -1 (TDS-1) carrying a GNSS-R receiver similar to the ones onboard CYGNSS. Although the precision of each 1sec averaged SSH is considerably lower than that of the existing satellite altimeters, by virtue of the dense coverage and frequent revisit time exhibited by the constellation of 8 microsats, the error may be smoothed down considerably by optimal interpolation (Li et al., 2016). Hence the CYGNSS dataset presents a potential opportunity to sample the tropical oceans, and investigate the sensitivity of the SSH measurements to mesoscale eddies.	[Zuffada, Cinzia; Haines, Bruce; Hajj, George; Li, Zhijin; Lowe, Stephen; Shah, Rashmi] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Mashburn, Jake; Axelrad, Penina] Univ Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [O'Brien, Andrew] Ohio State Univ, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Cipollini, Paolo] Natl Oceanog Ctr, Southampton, Hants, England; [Zavorotny, Valery; Voronovich, Alexander] NOAA, Earth Syst Res Lab, Silver Spring, MD USA	Zuffada, C (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.				JPL RTD Program; CYGNSS project	The research reported here was performed in part by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory under contract with NASA. JM of UC Boulder was supported by the JPL R&TD Program. AO'B of the OSU and VZ of NOAA were supported by the CYGNSS project.		10	2	2	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8292	8295					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807226					2020-09-09	
S	Chew, C; Small, E; Podest, E			IEEE	Chew, Clara; Small, Eric; Podest, Erika			MONITORING LAND SURFACE HYDROLOGY USING CYGNSS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		CYGNSS; hydrology; soil moisture; inundation	SOIL-MOISTURE	The Cyclone Global Navigation Satellite System (CYGNSS) is a constellation of eight small satellites, each of which carries specialized GNSS receivers to record surface-reflected GNSS signals. The L-band signals recorded by CYGNSS have been shown to be sensitive to land surface hydrologic variables, including near-surface soil moisture and inundation extent. However, given certain conditions-such as vegetation cover and surface roughness, CYGNSS observations may be more or less sensitive to these variables. The pseudo-random sampling strategy used by CYGNSS presents new opportunities but also new challenges to the monitoring of land surface hydrology. This work, using South America as a case study, quantifies the ability of CYGNSS to monitor soil moisture and inundation extent for different vegetation and roughness conditions and describes how these measurements could be used to sense changes in surface hydrology over time.	[Chew, Clara] Univ Corp Atmospher Res, Boulder, CO 80307 USA; [Small, Eric] Univ Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Podest, Erika] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA	Chew, C (corresponding author), Univ Corp Atmospher Res, Boulder, CO 80307 USA.							5	2	2	2	3	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8309	8311					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807231					2020-09-09	
S	Farr, TG			IEEE	Farr, Tom G.			INSAR MEASUREMENTS OF SUBSIDENCE AND REBOUND IN CALIFORNIA	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		InSAR; subsidence; groundwater		InSAR measurements of subsidence caused by groundwater pumping allow monitoring of its effects on infrastructure and the aquifer system. Coupled with ancillary information on water levels in wells and subsurface geology, the possibility exists to predict areas susceptible to subsidence. Recent rains in California caused a pause, and even a reversal in some areas, of the subsidence that has plagued the Central Valley for decades. We are developing systems and information products that water resource managers and hydrologists can use to promote better management of this important resource.	[Farr, Tom G.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Farr, TG (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							5	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8401	8403					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039807256					2020-09-09	
S	Nghiem, S; Busche, T; Kraus, T; Bachmann, M; Kurtz, N; Sonntag, J; Woods, J; Ackley, S; Xie, HJ; Maksym, T; Tinto, K; Rack, W; Langhorne, P; Haas, C; Panowicz, C; Rigor, I; Morin, P; Nguyen, L; Neumann, G			IEEE	Nghiem, Son; Busche, Thomas; Kraus, Thomas; Bachmann, Markus; Kurtz, Nathan; Sonntag, John; Woods, John; Ackley, Stephen; Xie, Hongjie; Maksym, Ted; Tinto, Kirsteen; Rack, Wolfgang; Langhorne, Pat; Haas, Christian; Panowicz, Caryn; Rigor, Ignatius; Morin, Paul; Nguyen, Lisa; Neumann, Gregory			REMOTE SENSING OF ANTARCTIC SEA ICE WITH COORDINATED AIRCRAFT AND SATELLITE DATA ACQUISITIONS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Antarctic sea ice; SAR; TanDEM-X; Sentinel-1; RADARSAT-2; OIB; IcePOD; WorldView		Remote sensing of Antarctic sea ice is required to characterize properties of the vast sea ice cover to understand its long-term increase in contrast to the decrease of Arctic sea ice. For this objective, the OIB/TanDEM-X Coordinated Science Campaign (OTASC) was successfully conducted in 2017 to obtain contemporaneous and collocated remote sensing data from NASA's Operation IceBridge (OIB) and the German Aerospace Center (DLR) TanDEM-X Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) system at X band together with Sentinel-1 and RADARSAT-2 SARs at C band in conjunction with WorldView satellite spectral sensors, surface measurements, and field observations. The Weddell Sea and the Ross Sea were two primary regions while SAR data were also collected over six other regions in the Southern Ocean. Satellite SAR data included both polarimetric and interferometric capabilities to infer snow and sea ice information in three dimensions (3D), while OIB/P-3 aircraft data include snow radar together with altimeter data for snow and sea ice observations in 3D over the Weddell Sea. Across the Ross Sea, IcePOD and AntNZ/York-University flights were carried out together with satellite SAR data acquisitions.	[Nghiem, Son; Nguyen, Lisa; Neumann, Gregory] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Busche, Thomas; Kraus, Thomas; Bachmann, Markus] German Aerosp Ctr, Microwaves & Radar Inst, Oberpfaffenhofen, Germany; [Kurtz, Nathan; Sonntag, John; Woods, John] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Ackley, Stephen; Xie, Hongjie] Univ Texas San Antonio, Dept Geol Sci, San Antonio, TX USA; [Maksym, Ted] Woods Hole Oceanog Inst, Woods Hole, MA 02543 USA; [Tinto, Kirsteen] Columbia Univ, Lamont Doherty Earth Observ, Palisades, NY USA; [Rack, Wolfgang] Univ Canterbury, Gateway Antarctic, Christchurch, New Zealand; [Langhorne, Pat] Univ Otago, Dept Phys, Dunedin, New Zealand; [Haas, Christian] York Univ, Toronto, ON, Canada; [Haas, Christian] Alfred Wegener Inst, Bremerhaven, Germany; [Panowicz, Caryn] US Natl Ice Ctr, Washington, DC USA; [Rigor, Ignatius] Univ Washington, Polar Sci Ctr, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [Morin, Paul] Univ Minnesota, Polar Geospatial Ctr, St Paul, MN 55108 USA	Nghiem, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Xie, Hongjie/B-5845-2009; Rack, Wolfgang/U-8898-2017	Xie, Hongjie/0000-0003-3516-1210; Rack, Wolfgang/0000-0003-2447-377X	NASA Cryospheric Sciences ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); German Federal Ministry of Economics and TechnologyFederal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Energy (BMWi) [Foerderkennzeichen 50 EE 0601]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF)	The research carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, was supported by the NASA Cryospheric Sciences Program. The TanDEM-X project is partly funded by the German Federal Ministry of Economics and Technology (Foerderkennzeichen 50 EE 0601). The PIPERS/IcePOD research was funded by NSF.		17	0	0	1	4	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8531	8534					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039808027					2020-09-09	
S	Wasik, V; Dubois-Fernandez, PC; Taillandier, C; Saatchi, S			IEEE	Wasik, V.; Dubois-Fernandez, P. C.; Taillandier, C.; Saatchi, S.			POLINSAR AND TOMOGRAPHIC RESULTS OVER THE GABONESE FOREST	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Multi-baseline Synthetic Aperture Radar; SAR Tomography; Po1InSAR; Phase Calibration	SAR	The ESA-sponsored AfriSAR campaign took place in Gabon between 2015 and 2016. It was designed to collect data from tropical forests in order to support the future ESA-BIOMASS mission. This paper addresses the potential of P-band PolInSAR and tomography for retrieving vegetation parameters from the multi-baseline airborne data acquired by ONERA over the forest of Lope. It is shown that a correction of phase disturbances (phase screens) is necessary. A correction procedure based on recent works from the litterature is applied. The Po1InSAR and tomographic results are presented and compared with the available LIDAR data.	[Wasik, V.; Dubois-Fernandez, P. C.] Off Natl Etud & Rech Aerosp, F-13661 Salon De Provence, France; [Taillandier, C.] Total, Ctr Sci & Tech Jean Feger, F-64000 Pau, France; [Saatchi, S.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Earth Sci Sect, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Wasik, V (corresponding author), Off Natl Etud & Rech Aerosp, F-13661 Salon De Provence, France.				ESAEuropean Space Agency; CNESCentre National D'etudes Spatiales; Total; SilvaCarhon project; University of Maryland, College Park	The ONERA AfriSAR campaign was supported by ESA, CNES and Total. Forest in situ measurements have been provided by UCL, CESBIO and ANPN. The work at JPL, California Institute of Technology has been carried out under a contract front NASA. The Small Footprint LIDAR data acquisition was supported by the SilvaCarhon project under a grant to University of California, Los Angeles. LVIS data sets were provided by the Laser Vegetation and Ice Sensor team in the Laser Remote Sensing Branch at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center with support from the University of Maryland, College Park.		10	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8586	8589					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039808040					2020-09-09	
S	Peral, E; Esteban-Fernandez, D			IEEE	Peral, Eva; Esteban-Fernandez, Daniel			SWOT MISSION PERFORMANCE AND ERROR BUDGET	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		Radar interferometry; Radar satellite missions		The Surface Water & Ocean Topography (SWOT) mission (swot.ipl.nasa.gov) is a joint NASA/CNES/CSA mission that is currently scheduled for launch in 2021. The SWOT mission is a partnership between two communities, physical oceanography and hydrology, to share high vertical accuracy topography data produced by the payload configuration, whose principal instrument is the Ka-band Radar interferometer (KaRIN). It was recommended by the 2007 National Research Council decadal review "Earth Science and Applications from Space: National Imperatives for the Next Decade and Beyond" for implementation by NASA. This paper will review the mission design, mission performance, and error budget.	[Peral, Eva; Esteban-Fernandez, Daniel] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Peral, E (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	eva.peral@jpl.nasa.gov						2	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8625	8628					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039808050					2020-09-09	
S	Hensley, S; Chapman, B; Lavalle, M; Hawkins, B; Riel, B; Michel, T; Muellerschoen, R; Lou, YL; Simard, M			IEEE	Hensley, Scott; Chapman, Bruce; Lavalle, Marco; Hawkins, Brian; Riel, Bryan; Michel, Thierry; Muellerschoen, Ronald; Lou, Yunling; Simard, Marc			UAVSAR L-BAND AND P-BAND TOMOGRAPHIC EXPERIMENTS IN BOREAL FORESTS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		UAVSAR; interferometry; boreal forest; tomography		SAR tomographic methods have proven extremely adept at measuring vegetation vertical structure at a variety of wavelengths including L and P-bands [2]. Measuring the three dimensional structure of vegetation and its changes resulting from either natural or anthropogenic causes are key parameters in monitoring ecosystems. The NASA/JPL UAVSAR system has deployed to multiple sites including Alaska over the last several years to conduct tomographic SAR observations at L-band and P-band. This talk will provide a brief overview of a tomographic SAR experiment conducted in the boreal forests of Alaska in August and September of 2017 at both L and P-bands. This site consists mostly of relatively short vegetation with mean height less than 20 m and maximal height less than 25 m. It is sparse compared with previous temperate and tropical forest tomographic observations made by UAVSAR. These observations provides a unique data set to compare tomographic data at L and P-bands for this type of biome.	[Hensley, Scott; Chapman, Bruce; Lavalle, Marco; Hawkins, Brian; Riel, Bryan; Michel, Thierry; Muellerschoen, Ronald; Lou, Yunling; Simard, Marc] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Hensley, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.			Chapman, Bruce/0000-0002-6054-7695	National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was conducted at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		5	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8679	8682					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039808064					2020-09-09	
S	Ferraz, A; Saatchi, S; Kellner, J; Clark, D			IEEE	Ferraz, Antonio; Saatchi, Sassan; Kellner, James; Clark, David			IMPROVING CARBON ESTIMATION OF LARGE TROPICAL TREES BY LINKING AIRBORNE LIDAR CROWN SIZE TO FIELD INVENTORY	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		aboveground biomass; uncertainty; tree allometry; large trees; La Selva Biological Station; airborne lidar; individual tree crown	BIOMASS	Quantifying tropical aboveground biomass (agb) is an outstanding challenge that requires knowledge on the 3D structure of forests. Recent studies suggest that the uncertainty in estimating agb of large trees is significantly reduced if tree height and crown size are accounted for in addition to the traditional trunk diameter and wood density. Due to the fact that field inventory techniques are not adapted to characterize the 3D forest structure, crown size metrics (e.g. height and radius) are commonly estimated as a function of trunk diameter using allometric models with limitations in explaining crown variability. Airborne lidar techniques have the potential for characterizing tree height and crown size but are not adapted to estimate trunk diameter, which is a strong predictor of agb. Here, we investigate the synergy of field inventory and airborne lidar techniques to characterize the forest structure by assessing the uncertainty introduced by the field-based allometric models in the estimation of agb at the tree-level. We focus in 1454 large individual trees (trunk diameter > 60 cm) located within the La Selva Biological Station for which we dispose of field observations (trunk diameter and wood density) and lidar derived metrics (tree height and crown radius). We show that the field-based allometric models overestimate tree height and underestimate crown radius. As a result, the allometric approach overestimates the tree-level agb in 0.8 Mg when considering the 1454 individuals and the errors can reach more than 50% of the agb of individual trees. These errors on the large trees agb highly impact on the plot-level results and then propagate to the estimation of carbon stocks at the regional and national-levels.	[Ferraz, Antonio; Saatchi, Sassan] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Kellner, James] Brown Univ, Dept Ecol & Evolutionary Biol, Providence, RI 02912 USA; [Clark, David] Univ Missouri, Dept Biol, 8001 Nat Bridge Rd, St Louis, MO 63121 USA	Ferraz, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							9	0	0	0	2	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							8789	8792					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039808091					2020-09-09	
S	Mroz, K; Battaglia, A; Lang, T; Tanelli, S; Sacco, GF			IEEE	Mroz, Kamil; Battaglia, Alessandro; Lang, Timothy; Tanelli, Simone; Sacco, Gian Franco			DPR MEASUREMENTS OF HAIL BEARING COLUMNS	IGARSS 2018 - 2018 IEEE INTERNATIONAL GEOSCIENCE AND REMOTE SENSING SYMPOSIUM	IEEE International Symposium on Geoscience and Remote Sensing IGARSS		English	Proceedings Paper	38th IEEE International Geoscience and Remote Sensing Symposium (IGARSS)	JUL 22-27, 2018	Valencia, SPAIN	Inst Elect & Elect Engineers, Inst Elect & Elect Engineers Geoscience & Remote Sensing Soc, European Space Agcy		hail; DPR; multiple scattering; nonuniform beam filling; NEXRAD	MULTIPLE-SCATTERING; ALGORITHM	By comparing the observations of heavy storms performed by the Dual-frequency Precipitation Radar (DPR) and the corresponding hydrometeor classification based on ground-based polarimetric measurements of the Next Generation Weather Radar (NEXRAD) we showed that the DPR measurements are heavily affected by non-uniform beam filling (NUBF). The presence of heavily rimed particles within the instrument field of view generates significant signal enhancements at the Ka band caused by multiple scattering (MS). MS and NUBF introduce large ambiguities in the estimate of effective reflectivity below the freezing level (FL), especially at Ka band, which strongly reduces DPR capabilities for detecting hail at the ground.	[Mroz, Kamil; Battaglia, Alessandro] Univ Leicester, Natl Ctr Earth Observat, Leicester, Leics, England; [Lang, Timothy] NASA Marshall Space Flight Ctr, Huntsville, AL USA; [Tanelli, Simone; Sacco, Gian Franco] CALTECH, NASA Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Mroz, K (corresponding author), Univ Leicester, Natl Ctr Earth Observat, Leicester, Leics, England.				project "Calibration and validation studies over the North Atlantic and United Kingdom for the Global Precipitation Mission" - United Kingdom NERC [NE/L007169/1]; GPM Ground Validation program	The work done by A. Battaglia was funded by the project "Calibration and validation studies over the North Atlantic and United Kingdom for the Global Precipitation Mission" funded by the United Kingdom NERC (NE/L007169/1). Timothy Lang was funded by the GPM Ground Validation program, under the direction of Mathew Schwaller and Ramesh Kakar of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. This research used the SPECTRE High Performance Computing Facility at the University of Leicester.		13	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2153-6996		978-1-5386-7150-4	INT GEOSCI REMOTE SE			2018							9327	9330					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing	Engineering; Geology; Remote Sensing	BL4XL	WOS:000451039808219					2020-09-09	
S	Helbert, J; Dyar, D; Walter, I; Wendler, D; Widemann, T; Marcq, E; Guignan, G; Ferrari, S; Maturilli, A; Mueller, N; Kappel, D; Jaenchen, J; D'Amore, M; Boerner, A; Tsang, C; Arnold, GE; Smrekar, S		Strojnik, M; Kirk, MS		Helbert, Joern; Dyar, Darby; Walter, Ingo; Wendler, Dennis; Widemann, Thomas; Marcq, Emmanuel; Guignan, Gabriel; Ferrari, Sabrina; Maturilli, Alessandro; Mueller, Nils; Kappel, David; Jaenchen, Judit; D'Amore, Mario; Boerner, Anko; Tsang, Constantine; Arnold, Gabriele E.; Smrekar, Suzanne			The Venus Emissivity Mapper (VEM) - obtaining global mineralogy of Venus from orbit	INFRARED REMOTE SENSING AND INSTRUMENTATION XXVI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Annual Conference on Infrared Remote Sensing and Instrumentation XXVI held part of the Annual SPIE Optics + Photonics Meeting	AUG 20-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		Venus; near infrared; spectroscopy	VIRTIS EMISSIVITY; NIGHTSIDE; VOLCANISM; SURFACE; REGIO	The Venus Emissivity Mapper is the first flight instrument designed with a focus on mapping the surface of Venus using atmospheric windows around 1 mu m. After several years of development VEM has a mature design with an existing laboratory prototype verifying an achievable instrument SNR of well above 1000 as well as a predicted error in the retrieval of relative emissivity of better than 1%. With that it will provide a global map of surface composition as well as redox state of the surface by observing the surface with six narrow band filters, ranging from 0.86 to 1.18 mu m. Continuous observation of Venus' thermal emission will place tight constraints on current day volcanic activity. Eight additional channels provide measurements of atmospheric water vapor abundance as well as cloud microphysics and dynamics and permit accurate correction of atmospheric interference on the surface data. A mission combining VEM with a high-resolution radar mapper such as the ESA EnVision or NASA VERITAS mission proposals will provide key insights in the divergent evolution of Venus.	[Helbert, Joern; Walter, Ingo; Wendler, Dennis; Maturilli, Alessandro; Mueller, Nils; Kappel, David; Jaenchen, Judit; D'Amore, Mario; Boerner, Anko; Arnold, Gabriele E.] Deutsch Zentrum Luft & Raumfahrt eV, Berlin, Germany; [Dyar, Darby] Mt Holyoke Coll, S Hadley, MA 01075 USA; [Widemann, Thomas] Lab Etud Spatiales & Instrumentat Astrophys, Paris, France; [Marcq, Emmanuel; Guignan, Gabriel] LATMOS, Guyancourt, France; [Ferrari, Sabrina] Univ Pavia, Pavia, Italy; [Mueller, Nils; Tsang, Constantine] Southwest Res Inst, San Antonio, TX USA; [Smrekar, Suzanne] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Smrekar, Suzanne] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA	Helbert, J (corresponding author), Deutsch Zentrum Luft & Raumfahrt eV, Berlin, Germany.	joern.helbert@dlr.de	Smrekar, Suzanne/AAH-8074-2020; FERRARI, SABRINA/AAT-1596-2020; Helbert, Jorn/P-1570-2019	FERRARI, SABRINA/0000-0002-0157-3463; Helbert, Jorn/0000-0001-5346-9505; D'Amore, Mario/0000-0001-9325-6889; Marcq, Emmanuel/0000-0002-1924-641X				27	0	0	1	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2102-2	PROC SPIE			2018	10765								UNSP 107650D	10.1117/12.2320112			12	Instruments & Instrumentation; Remote Sensing; Optics	Instruments & Instrumentation; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6CQ	WOS:000453462300010					2020-09-09	
S	Haddad, ZS; Galdon, RM; Sawaya, RC; Tapiador, FJ		Liu, G; Haddad, ZS		Haddad, Ziad S.; Galdon, Raul Moreno; Sawaya, Randy C.; Tapiador, Francisco J.			Interpreting millimeter-wave radiances over convective clouds	REMOTE SENSING AND MODELING OF THE ATMOSPHERE, OCEANS, AND INTERACTIONS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on nRemote Sensing and Modeling of the Atmosphere, Oceans, and Interactions VII	SEP 25-26, 2018	Honolulu, HI	SPIE, Natl Aeronaut & Space Adm, Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Chinese Acad Sci, State Key Lab Remote Sensing Sci, Minist Earth Sci		millimeter wavelength sounder convection vertical structure		Attempts to interpret the measurements of millimeter-wave radiometers over tropical storms must overcome the difficulty of modeling the scattering signatures of hydrometeors at these frequencies. Approaches to date try to retrieve surface precipitation, to which the observations are not directly sensitive. Millimeter wavelengths are most sensitive to the scattering from hydrometeors in the cloud upper levels. Millimeter-wavelength radiometers have a definite advantage over the lower frequency radiometers in that they have finer spatial resolution to resolve deep convection. Preliminary analyses indicate that the measurements are indeed sensitive to the depth and intensity of convection. The challenge is to derive a robust approach to estimate the characteristics of the convection directly from the observations, and conversely to derive a robust forward representation of the dependence of the radiances on the underlying moisture fields. This is done in a two-step semi-empirical approach.	[Haddad, Ziad S.; Sawaya, Randy C.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Galdon, Raul Moreno; Tapiador, Francisco J.] Univ Castilla La Mancha, Fac Environm Sci, Toledo 45071, Spain; [Sawaya, Randy C.] Univ Calif Irvine, Dept Phys & Astron, Irvine, CA 92697 USA	Haddad, ZS (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	zsh@jpl.nasa.gov		Moreno Galdon, Raul/0000-0002-9882-8425				4	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2140-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10782								UNSP 1078203	10.1117/12.2500284			6	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Oceanography; Remote Sensing; Optics	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Oceanography; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HL	WOS:000453911300002					2020-09-09	
S	Krishnamurti, TN; Karmakar, N; Misra, V; Nag, B; Sahu, D; Dubey, S; Haddad, Z		Liu, G; Haddad, ZS		Krishnamurti, T. N.; Karmakar, Nirupam; Misra, Vasubandhu; Nag, Bappaditya; Sahu, Dipak; Dubey, Sarvesh; Haddad, Ziad			Association between upper level diffluence in the Tropical Easterly Jet and the formation of the strongest Atlantic hurricanes in recent years	REMOTE SENSING AND MODELING OF THE ATMOSPHERE, OCEANS, AND INTERACTIONS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on nRemote Sensing and Modeling of the Atmosphere, Oceans, and Interactions VII	SEP 25-26, 2018	Honolulu, HI	SPIE, Natl Aeronaut & Space Adm, Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Chinese Acad Sci, State Key Lab Remote Sensing Sci, Minist Earth Sci		Atlantic hurricanes; Upper level divergence; Diffluence; Tropical Easterly Jet	WAVES	In this paper we report the evidence of the potential role of diffluence in the 200hPa wind field off the coast of West Africa in the formation of a significant number of Category 4 and Category 5 hurricanes in the recent decade. It is shown that more than 80% cases of hurricanes at Category 4 and above is preceded by upper level diffluence in the Tropical Easterly Jet (TEJ) by 0{5 days. This TEJ is the outflow from the southern flank of the Tibetan anticyclone from the Asian monsoon region.	[Krishnamurti, T. N.; Karmakar, Nirupam; Misra, Vasubandhu; Nag, Bappaditya; Sahu, Dipak; Dubey, Sarvesh] Florida State Univ, Dept Earth Ocean & Atmospher Sci, Tallahassee, FL 32306 USA; [Misra, Vasubandhu] Florida State Univ, Ctr Ocean Atmospher Predict Studies, Tallahassee, FL 32306 USA; [Misra, Vasubandhu] Florida State Univ, Florida Climate Inst, Tallahassee, FL 32306 USA; [Haddad, Ziad] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Karmakar, N; Misra, V (corresponding author), Florida State Univ, Dept Earth Ocean & Atmospher Sci, Tallahassee, FL 32306 USA.; Misra, V (corresponding author), Florida State Univ, Ctr Ocean Atmospher Predict Studies, Tallahassee, FL 32306 USA.; Misra, V (corresponding author), Florida State Univ, Florida Climate Inst, Tallahassee, FL 32306 USA.	nirupam.ju@gmail.com; vmisra@fsu.edu	Sahu, Dipak/AAC-4180-2019; Karmakar, Nirupam/E-8008-2018	Sahu, Dipak/0000-0001-8307-7908; Karmakar, Nirupam/0000-0002-0877-396X	NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX17AGS001, NNX16AD83GS003]	This is one of the last ideas of Prof. T. N. Krishnamurti that he was actively working on before he passed away on February 7, 2018. This work is supported by NASA grants NNX17AGS001 and NNX16AD83GS003.		11	0	0	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2140-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10782								UNSP 1078206	10.1117/12.2500287			10	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Oceanography; Remote Sensing; Optics	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Oceanography; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HL	WOS:000453911300004					2020-09-09	
S	Saiprasanth, B; Haddad, ZS; Hristova-Veleva, S; Marks, FD		Liu, G; Haddad, ZS		Saiprasanth, B.; Haddad, Z. S.; Hristova-Veleva, S.; Marks, F. D., Jr.			A low-wavenumber analysis of the relative roles of the environmental and vortex-scale variables responsible for rapid intensity changes in landfalling tropical cyclones	REMOTE SENSING AND MODELING OF THE ATMOSPHERE, OCEANS, AND INTERACTIONS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on nRemote Sensing and Modeling of the Atmosphere, Oceans, and Interactions VII	SEP 25-26, 2018	Honolulu, HI	SPIE, Natl Aeronaut & Space Adm, Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Chinese Acad Sci, State Key Lab Remote Sensing Sci, Minist Earth Sci		Tropical Cyclone; Rapid Intensification; Rapid weakening; Symmetric and asymmetric convection; Bay of Bengal; Linear Discriminant Analysis	INTENSIFICATION; PREDICTABILITY; CONVECTION; ATLANTIC	Forecasting rapid intensity changes in tropical cyclones (TCs) is hard as the factors responsible span many scales. External and internal dynamical and thermodynamical variables act simultaneously in a nonlinear fashion, either complementing, amplifying, inhibiting or not impacting the TC intensity at all. We try to address the following question: What is the relative importance of the external and vortex-scale variables that influence rapid intensity changes within a TC? Further, which of these variables must be prioritized from an observational standpoint? To answer these questions, a systematic analysis was conducted on a large number of representative TCs to make statistically significant conclusions using discriminant analyses of wavenumber (WN)-filtered fields, with a principal component analysis to detect over-fitting and identify the subset of variables (from the environment and the vortex) consistently correlated with rapid intensity change. Our analyses indicate that a small number of variables wield the most influence on TC rapid intensity changes. The most important variables within the vortex are the WN 0 of precipitation within the radius of maximum winds, the amplitudes of WN 1 of precipitation and the mid-level horizontal moisture flux convergence in the rain band region. Likewise, the most important environmental variables are the angle of the driest air from the shear vector and the magnitude of environmental wind shear. These variables must be prioritized in future observational and consequent data assimilation efforts.	[Saiprasanth, B.] Purdue Univ, W Lafayette, IN 47907 USA; [Haddad, Z. S.; Hristova-Veleva, S.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Marks, F. D., Jr.] NOAA, AOML, Hurricane Res Div, Miami, FL USA	Haddad, ZS (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	zsh@jpl.nasa.gov	Marks, Frank D./A-5733-2011	Marks, Frank D./0000-0003-0371-5514; Prasanth, Sai/0000-0001-8792-3614; Hristova-Veleva, Svetla/0000-0003-2048-5167	NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX15AM72H]	The authors acknowledge WRF data provided by C-DAC Pune and the C-DAC National PARAM Supercomputing Facility. Majority of the work conducted here was performed during S.B's visit to the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, NASA, with financial support in the form of a NASA Earth Science Fellowship (Grant no: NNX15AM72H). The work of Z. S. Haddad and S. Hristova-Veleva was performed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with NASA.		21	1	1	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2140-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10782								UNSP 1078208	10.1117/12.2500290			11	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Oceanography; Remote Sensing; Optics	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Oceanography; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HL	WOS:000453911300005					2020-09-09	
S	van den Heever, SC; Grant, LD; Stephens, GL; Haddad, ZS; Storer, RL; Sy, OO; Posselt, DJ		Liu, G; Haddad, ZS		van den Heever, Susan C.; Grant, Leah D.; Stephens, Graeme L.; Haddad, Ziad S.; Storer, Rachel L.; Sy, Ousmane O.; Posselt, Derek J.			The challenges of representing vertical motion in numerical models	REMOTE SENSING AND MODELING OF THE ATMOSPHERE, OCEANS, AND INTERACTIONS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on nRemote Sensing and Modeling of the Atmosphere, Oceans, and Interactions VII	SEP 25-26, 2018	Honolulu, HI	SPIE, Natl Aeronaut & Space Adm, Chinese Acad Sci, Inst Remote Sensing & Digital Earth, Chinese Acad Sci, State Key Lab Remote Sensing Sci, Minist Earth Sci		Convection; vertical motion; numerical models; microphysics; thermodynamics		Even though vertical motion is resolved within convection-permitting models, recent studies have demonstrated significant departures in predicted storm updrafts and downdrafts when compared with Doppler observations of the same events. Several previous studies have attributed these departures to shortfalls in the representation of microphysical processes, in particular those pertaining to ice processes. Others have suggested that our inabilities to properly represent processes such as entrainment are responsible. Wrapped up in these issues are aspects such as the model grid resolution, as well as accuracy of models to correctly simulate the environmental conditions. Four primary terms comprise the vertical momentum equation: advection, pressure gradient forcing, thermodynamics and turbulence. Microphysical processes including their impacts on latent heating and their contributions to condensate loading strongly impact the thermodynamic term. The focus of this study is on the thermodynamic contributions to vertical motion, the shortfalls that arise when modeling this term, and the observations that might be made to improve the representation of those thermodynamical processes driving convective updrafts and downdrafts.	[van den Heever, Susan C.; Grant, Leah D.; Storer, Rachel L.] Colorado State Univ, Dept Atmospher Sci, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA; [Stephens, Graeme L.; Haddad, Ziad S.; Storer, Rachel L.; Sy, Ousmane O.; Posselt, Derek J.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	van den Heever, SC (corresponding author), Colorado State Univ, Dept Atmospher Sci, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA.	sue@atmos.colostate.edu						10	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2140-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10782								UNSP 1078204	10.1117/12.2501584			6	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Oceanography; Remote Sensing; Optics	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences; Oceanography; Remote Sensing; Optics	BL6HL	WOS:000453911300003					2020-09-09	
S	Hennessy, J; Jewell, AD; Moore, CS; Carver, AG; Balasubramanian, K; France, K; Nikzad, S		DenHerder, JWA; Nikzad, S; Nakazawa, K		Hennessy, John; Jewell, April D.; Moore, Christopher S.; Carver, Alexander G.; Balasubramanian, Kunjithapatham; France, Kevin; Nikzad, Shouleh			Ultrathin protective coatings by atomic layer engineering for far ultraviolet aluminum mirrors	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: ULTRAVIOLET TO GAMMA RAY	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Ultraviolet to Gamma Ray	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		ultraviolet; mirror; atomic layer deposition; atomic layer etching; fluoride; space telescope	OPTICAL-CONSTANTS; TELESCOPE; REFLECTANCE; FILMS; MGF2	Conventional aluminum-coated mirrors operating at far ultraviolet wavelengths (90-200 nm) utilize protective overcoats of metal fluoride thin films deposited by physical vapor deposition. The use of atomic layer deposition (ALD) holds promise in improving spatial reflectance uniformity and reducing the required thickness of the protective layers. Achieving a stable, pinhole-free, ultrathin (<3 nm) overcoat would allow protected Al mirrors to approach the ideal Al intrinsic reflectivity in the challenging, but spectrally-rich, 90-115 nm range. However, combining ALD methods with high performance evaporated Al layers has technical challenges associated with the formation of undesirable interfacial oxide. To overcome this issue, we demonstrate the use of thermal atomic layer etching (ALE) methods to remove this oxide prior to ALD encapsulation. This paper describes our continuing work to optimize new ALD processes for the metal fluoride materials of MgF2, AlF3 and LiF. We also describe new work on low temperature (<200 degrees C) ALE methods utilizing a fluorination-volatilization approach that has been incorporated into our mirror development efforts. The scalability of this overall approach and the environmental stability of ALD/ALE Al mirrors is discussed in the context of possible future astrophysics applications such as the NASA LUVOIR and HabEx mission concepts. The use of this combined ALE/ALD method may also enable a fabrication platform in space that can renew or reconfigure protective overcoats on Al mirrors on-orbit, as an alternative to other space-based metal coating methods considered previously.	[Hennessy, John; Jewell, April D.; Carver, Alexander G.; Balasubramanian, Kunjithapatham; Nikzad, Shouleh] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Moore, Christopher S.; France, Kevin] Univ Colorado, Ctr Astrophys & Space Astron, Boulder, CO 80309 USA	Hennessy, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	john.j.hennessy@jpl.nasa.gov		Moore, Christopher/0000-0002-4103-6101	National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	This research was performed in part at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, government sponsorship is acknowledged.		28	0	0	0	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1952-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10699								UNSP 1069902	10.1117/12.2314185			8	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5UL	WOS:000452819200001					2020-09-09	
S	Kruczek, N; Nell, N; France, K; Hoadley, K; Fleming, B; Ulrich, S; Miller, AD; Egan, A; Witt, E; Kane, R		DenHerder, JWA; Nikzad, S; Nakazawa, K		Kruczek, Nicholas; Nell, Nicholas; France, Kevin; Hoadley, Keri; Fleming, Brian; Ulrich, Stefan; Miller, Alexander D.; Egan, Arika; Witt, Emily; Kane, Robert			The fourth flight of CHESS: spectral resolution enhancements for high-resolution FUV spectroscopy	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: ULTRAVIOLET TO GAMMA RAY	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Ultraviolet to Gamma Ray	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		echelle spectrograph; far-ultraviolet; rocket-borne; astrophysics	INTERSTELLAR; SPECTROGRAPH	In this proceeding, we describe the scientific motivation and technical development of the Colorado High-resolution Echelle Stellar Spectrograph (CHESS), focusing on the hardware advancements and testing of components for the fourth and final launch of the payload (CHESS-4). CHESS is a far ultraviolet rocket-borne instrument designed to study the atomic-to-molecular transitions within translucent cloud regions in the interstellar medium. CHESS is an objective echelle spectrograph, which uses a mechanically-ruled echelle and a powered (f/12.4) cross-dispersing grating; it is designed to achieve a resolving power R > 100,000 over the band pass lambda lambda 1000-1600 angstrom. CHESS-4 utilizes a 40 mm-diameter cross-strip anode readout microchannel plate detector, fabricated by Sensor Sciences LLC, to achieve high spatial resolution with high global count rate capabilities (similar to MHz). An error in the fabrication of the cross disperser limited the achievable resolution on previous launches of the payload to R similar to 4000. To remedy this for CHESS-4, we physically stress the echelle grating, introducing a shallow toroidal curvature to the surface of the optic. Preliminary laboratory measurements of the resulting spectrum show a factor of 4-5 improvement to the resolving power. Results from final efficiency and refllectivity measurements for the optical components of CHESS-4 are presented, along with the pre-flight laboratory spectra and calibration results. CHESS-4 launched on 17 April 2018 aboard NASA/University of Colorado Boulder sounding rocket mission 36.333 UG. We present flight results for the observation of the gamma Ara sightline.	[Kruczek, Nicholas; Nell, Nicholas; France, Kevin; Fleming, Brian; Ulrich, Stefan; Egan, Arika; Witt, Emily] Univ Colorado, Lab Atmospher & Space Phys, UCB 600,Space Sci Bldg SPSC,3665 Discovery Dr, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [France, Kevin] Univ Colorado, Ctr Astrophys & Space Astron, 389 UCB, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Hoadley, Keri] CALTECH, Cahill Ctr Astrophys, 1200 East Calif Blvd,Mail Code 278-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Miller, Alexander D.] Arizona State Univ, Sch Earth & Space Explorat, 781 South Terrace Rd, Tempe, AZ 85281 USA; [Kane, Robert] SEAKR Engn, 6221 S Racine Circle, Centennial, CO USA	Kruczek, N (corresponding author), Univ Colorado, Lab Atmospher & Space Phys, UCB 600,Space Sci Bldg SPSC,3665 Discovery Dr, Boulder, CO 80309 USA.	Nicholas.Kruczek@colorado.edu			NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX13AF55G, NNX16AG28G]	The authors would like to thank the students and staff at CU for their tremendous help in seeing CHESS-4 come to fruition. We would also like to thank the NSROC staff at WFF and on Roi-Namur for their tireless efforts that pushed us to a smooth launch. We thank all involved in the alternate CCD payload at JPL and ASU for their efforts. NN would like to thank Sugar Ray for their timeless melodies. This work was supported by NASA grants NNX13AF55G and NNX16AG28G to the University of Colorado.		28	1	1	1	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1952-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10699								UNSP 106990K	10.1117/12.2312877			20	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5UL	WOS:000452819200011		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Madsen, KK; Cook, W; Forster, K; Grefenstette, B; Harrison, FA; Miyasaka, H; Pike, S		DenHerder, JWA; Nikzad, S; Nakazawa, K		Madsen, Kristin K.; Cook, Walter; Forster, Karl; Grefenstette, Brian; Harrison, Fiona A.; Miyasaka, Hiromasa; Pike, Seah			Effective Area calibration of the Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope ARray (NuSTAR)	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: ULTRAVIOLET TO GAMMA RAY	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Ultraviolet to Gamma Ray	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		NuSTAR; X-ray; Satellite	CRAB-NEBULA	The Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope ARray (NuSTAR) has been in orbit for 6 years, and with the calibration data accumulated over that period we have taken a new look at the effective area calibration. The NuSTAR 10-m focal length is achieved using an extendible mast, which flexes due to solar illumination. This results in individual observations sampling a range of off-axis angles rather than a particular off-axis angle. In our new approach, we have split over 50 individual Crab observations into segments at particular off-axis angles. We combine segments from different observations at the same off-axis angle to generate a new set of synthetic spectra, which we use to calibrate the vignetting function of the optics against the canonical Crab spectrum.	[Madsen, Kristin K.; Cook, Walter; Forster, Karl; Grefenstette, Brian; Harrison, Fiona A.; Miyasaka, Hiromasa; Pike, Seah] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Madsen, KK (corresponding author), CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	kristin@srl.caltech.edu						16	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1952-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10699								UNSP 106991W	10.1117/12.2313675			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5UL	WOS:000452819200043		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Madsen, KK; Harrison, FA; Broadway, D; Christensen, FE; Descalle, M; Ferreira, D; Grefenstette, B; Gurgew, D; Hornschemeier, A; Miyasaka, H; Okajima, T; Pike, S; Pivovaroff, M; Saha, T; Stern, D; Vogel, J; Windt, D; Zhang, W		DenHerder, JWA; Nikzad, S; Nakazawa, K		Madsen, Kristin K.; Harrison, Fiona A.; Broadway, D.; Christensen, F. E.; Descalle, M.; Ferreira, D.; Grefenstette, B.; Gurgew, D.; Hornschemeier, A.; Miyasaka, H.; Okajima, T.; Pike, S.; Pivovaroff, M.; Saha, T.; Stern, D.; Vogel, J.; Windt, D.; Zhang, W.			Optical instrument design of the High-Energy X-ray Probe (HEX-P)	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: ULTRAVIOLET TO GAMMA RAY	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Ultraviolet to Gamma Ray	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		HEX-P; X-ray; Satellite	FABRICATION	The High-Energy X-ray Probe (HEX-P) is a probe-class next-generation high-energy X-ray mission concept that will vastly extend the reach of broadband X-ray observations. Studying the 2-200 keV energy range, HEX-P has 40 times the sensitivity of any previous mission in the 10-80 keV band, and will be the first focusing instrument in the 80-200 keV band. A successor to the Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array (NuSTAR), a NASA Small Explorer launched in 2012, HEX-P addresses key NASA science objectives, and will serve as an important complement to ESA's L-class Athena mission. HEX-P will utilize multilayer coated X-ray optics, and in this paper we present the details of the optical design, and discuss the multilayer prescriptions necessary for the reflection of hard X-ray photons. We consider multiple module designs with the aim of investigating the tradeoff between high- and low-energy effective area, and review the technology development necessary to reach that goal within the next decade.	[Madsen, Kristin K.; Harrison, Fiona A.; Grefenstette, B.; Miyasaka, H.; Pike, S.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Broadway, D.] NASA, Marshall Space Flight Ctr, Huntsville, AL USA; [Christensen, F. E.; Ferreira, D.] DTU Space, Lyngby, Denmark; [Descalle, M.; Pivovaroff, M.; Vogel, J.] Lawrence Livermore Natl Lab, Livermore, CA USA; [Gurgew, D.] Univ Alabama, Huntsville, AL 35899 USA; [Hornschemeier, A.; Okajima, T.; Saha, T.; Zhang, W.] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Stern, D.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Windt, D.] Reflect Xray Opt, New York, NY USA	Madsen, KK (corresponding author), CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	kristin@srl.caltech.edu	christensen, finn/AAB-8622-2020; Vogel, Julia/G-5187-2017; Ferreira, Desiree Della Monica/M-1666-2016	Ferreira, Desiree Della Monica/0000-0003-4003-3256				25	4	4	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1952-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10699								UNSP 106996M	10.1117/12.2314117			9	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5UL	WOS:000452819200157		Green Accepted, Green Published			2020-09-09	
S	Witt, EM; Fleming, BT; France, K; Quijada, M; Hennessy, J; Egan, A; Wiley, J		DenHerder, JWA; Nikzad, S; Nakazawa, K		Witt, Emily M.; Fleming, Brian T.; France, Kevin; Quijada, Manuel; Hennessy, John; Egan, Arika; Wiley, James			New far-UV instrumentation enabled by recent advances in mirror coating processes	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: ULTRAVIOLET TO GAMMA RAY	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Ultraviolet to Gamma Ray	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope			HOPKINS-ULTRAVIOLET-TELESCOPE; PERFORMANCE; SPECTROSCOPY; CALIBRATION; RESOLUTION; ORIGINS	Recent technological advances have opened up new instrument capabilities for ultraviolet (UV) astronomy. Of particular interest are advanced deposition processes that have increased the performance of Lithium Fluoride (LiF) overcoated mirrors while mitigating the procedures required for their handling, raising the reflectivity from similar to 65% to greater than 80% in the Lyman UV (lambda > 1000 angstrom). Traditional magnesium fluride (MgF2) protected aluminum mirrors have a reflectivity truncated at 1150 angstrom, missing crucial tracers of warm gas and molecules. The hygroscopic sensitivity of LiF has traditionally added to mission risk and cost. The addition of a thin capping layer of another material (AlF3, MgF2) on top of the LiF has been shown to mitigate the degradation by providing a barrier against moisture. These advances open up a new paradigm in UV astronomy by enabling multi{passed optical designs without the crippling 1000 - 1150 angstrom throughput losses inherent to conventional mirror coatings. We present recent progress in the testing of enhanced lithium fluoride (eLiF) coated optics, and discuss potential instrument concepts for UV astronomy in the next decade.	[Witt, Emily M.; Fleming, Brian T.; France, Kevin; Egan, Arika; Wiley, James] Lab Atmospher & Space Phys, Space Sci Bldg,3665 Discover Dr, Boulder, CO 80303 USA; [Quijada, Manuel] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, 8800 Greenbelt Rd, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Hennessy, John] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Witt, EM (corresponding author), Lab Atmospher & Space Phys, Space Sci Bldg,3665 Discover Dr, Boulder, CO 80303 USA.							35	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1952-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10699								UNSP 1069904	10.1117/12.2312240			11	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5UL	WOS:000452819200002					2020-09-09	
S	Yatsu, Y; Ozawa, T; Sasaki, K; Mamiya, H; Kawai, N; Kikuya, Y; Matsushita, M; Matunaga, S; Nikzad, S; Bilgi, P; Kulkarni, SR; Tominaga, N; Tanaka, M; Morokuma, T; Takeyama, N; Enokuchi, A		DenHerder, JWA; Nikzad, S; Nakazawa, K		Yatsu, Yoichi; Ozawa, Toshiki; Sasaki, Kenichi; Mamiya, Hideo; Kawai, Nobuyuki; Kikuya, Yuhei; Matsushita, Masanori; Matunaga, Saburo; Nikzad, Shouleh; Bilgi, Pavan; Kulkarni, Shrinivas R.; Tominaga, Nozomu; Tanaka, Masaomi; Morokuma, Tomoki; Takeyama, Norihide; Enokuchi, Akito			Conceptual design of a wide-field near UV transient survey in a 6U CubeSat	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: ULTRAVIOLET TO GAMMA RAY	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Ultraviolet to Gamma Ray	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Ultraviolet; time-domain; cubesat; gravitational wave; supernovae shockbreakouts; Tidal disruption events	SHOCK BREAKOUT	A conceptual design of a wide-field near UV transient survey in a 6U CubeSat is presented. Ultraviolet is one of the frontier in the transient astronomy. To open up the discovery space, we are developing a 6U CubeSat for transient exploration. The possible targets will be supernova shock-breakouts, tidal disruption events, and the blue emission from NS-NS mergers in very early phase. If we only focused on nearby/bright sources, the required detection limit is around 20 mag (AB). To avoid the background and optical light, we chose a waveband of 230-280 nm. As an imaging detector, we employ a delta-doped back-illuminated CMOS. In addition to delta doping, the multi-layer coating directly deposited on the detector enables both a high in-band UV QE and the ultra-low optical rejection ratio. Taking into account these specifications, even an 8 cm telescope can achieve the detection limit of 20 mag(AB) for a FoV larger than 60 deg(2). We also designed the satellite bus system for this mission by utilizing commercially available cubesat components satisfying the mission requirements.	[Yatsu, Yoichi; Ozawa, Toshiki; Mamiya, Hideo; Kawai, Nobuyuki] Tokyo Inst Technol, Dept Phys, Meguro Ku, 2-12-1 Ohkayama, Tokyo 1528551, Japan; [Sasaki, Kenichi; Kikuya, Yuhei; Matsushita, Masanori; Matunaga, Saburo] Tokyo Inst Technol, Dept Mech Engn, Meguro Ku, Tokyo, Japan; [Nikzad, Shouleh] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Bilgi, Pavan] CALTECH, Dept Aerosp, 1200 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Kulkarni, Shrinivas R.] CALTECH, Div Phys Math & Astron, 1200 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Tominaga, Nozomu] Konan Univ, Dept Phys, Higashinada Ku, 8-9-1 Okamoto, Kobe, Hyogo 6580072, Japan; [Tanaka, Masaomi] Tohoku Univ, Dept Astrophys, Aoba Ku, 6-3 Aramaki Aza Aoba, Sendai, Miyagi 9808578, Japan; [Morokuma, Tomoki] Univ Tokyo, Inst Astron, 2-21-1,Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1810015, Japan; [Takeyama, Norihide; Enokuchi, Akito] GENESIA Corp, 3-38-4-601 Shimorenjaku, Mitaka, Tokyo 1810013, Japan	Yatsu, Y (corresponding author), Tokyo Inst Technol, Dept Phys, Meguro Ku, 2-12-1 Ohkayama, Tokyo 1528551, Japan.	yatsu@hp.phys.titech.ac.jp		Tominaga, Nozomu/0000-0001-8537-3153	JSPSMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of Science [JP17H04829]	This work was supported by JSPS Grant-in-Aid for Young Scientists (A) Grant Number JP17H04829. YY thanks Mr. Ryo Adachi of Tokyo Tech for checking the surface stellar density by using data archive of MITSuME telescope.		18	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1952-4	PROC SPIE			2018	10699								UNSP 106990D	10.1117/12.2313026			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5UL	WOS:000452819200007		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Richardson, JD; Belcher, JW; Cummings, AC; Decker, R; Stone, EC		Zank, GP		Richardson, John D.; Belcher, John W.; Cummings, Alan C.; Decker, Robert; Stone, Edward C.			Voyager 2 Observations of Plasma and Pressure Pulses	17TH ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL ASTROPHYSICS CONFERENCE, 2018	Journal of Physics Conference Series		English	Proceedings Paper	17th Annual International Astrophysics Conference (AIAC) on Dissipative and Heating Processes in Collisionless Plasma - The Solar Corona, The Solar Wind, and The Interstellar Medium	MAR 05-09, 2018	Santa Fe, NM				TERMINATION-SHOCK	This paper provides the latest data from Voyager 2 on plasma characteristics in the heliosheath including the observations of pressure waves in the plasma and particle data. Models and observations show that solar transients drive pressure waves through the heliosphere. Pressure pulses that could drive heliosheath waves are observed near the previous solar maximum upstream of the termination shock. We show that the most recent data is consistent with the presence of pressure waves and compare the heliosheath waves with the pressure increases in the heliosheath. The magnetic field is better correlated with density and galactic cosmic ray intensities in the supersonic solar wind than in the heliosheath. The galactic cosmic rays are correlated with the plasma and particles with a similar to 30-day lag in both the supersonic wind and heliosheath.	[Richardson, John D.; Belcher, John W.] MIT, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Cummings, Alan C.; Stone, Edward C.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Decker, Robert] Johns Hopkins Univ, Appl Phys Lab, Laurel, MD 20723 USA	Richardson, JD (corresponding author), MIT, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA.	jdr@space.mit.edu			NASA from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory [959203]; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNN06AA01C, NNN12AA01C]	We thank SPDF for the Voyager 2 magnetometer data and CRS (P.I.,E.C. Stone) and LECP (P.I., S.M. Krimigis) for providing data through their web sites. JDR was supported under NASA contract 959203 from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. RBD was supported by NASA contract NNN06AA01C. ECS and ACE were supported by NASA grant NNN12AA01C		13	2	2	0	0	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	DIRAC HOUSE, TEMPLE BACK, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1742-6588	1742-6596		J PHYS CONF SER			2018	1100								UNSP 012019	10.1088/1742-6596/1100/1/012019			7	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Physics, Multidisciplinary	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Physics	BL5LC	WOS:000452041800019		Green Published, Other Gold, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Siles, JV; Kawamura, J; Hayton, D; Hoh, J; Groppi, C; Mehdi, I			IEEE	Siles, Jose V.; Kawamura, Jonathan; Hayton, Darren; Hoh, Jonathan; Groppi, Chris; Mehdi, Imran			An Ultra-Compact 520-600 GHz/1100-1200 GHz Receiver with < 10 W Power Consumption for High-Spectral Resolution Spectroscopy from Small-Sat Platforms	2018 43RD INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON INFRARED, MILLIMETER, AND TERAHERTZ WAVES (IRMMW-THZ)	International Conference on Infrared Millimeter and Terahertz Waves		English	Proceedings Paper	43rd International Conference on Infrared, Millimeter, and Terahertz Waves (IRMMW-THz)	SEP 09-14, 2018	Nagoya, JAPAN	IEEE Microwave Theory & Tech Soc, TeraTech, JSPS, JSIR, Japan Soc Appl Phys, IEEJ, CSJ, AIP, APL Photon, AIP, Journal Appl Phys, EiC, SPSJ, Terahertz Syst Consortium, AICHI, Nagoya Convent & Visitors Bur, ADVANTEST CORP, AmTechs Corp, Menlo Systems GmbH, Nippo Precigion Co Ltd, TeraMetrix LLC Div Luna, ATN Japan LTD, DAHENG NEW EPOCH TECHNOL INC, FEMTO Dev Inc, KYOWA FINTECH Co Ltd, Spectra Design Ltd, TeraView Ltd, TYDEX LLC, Virginia Diodes Inc, PNP, Tydex Res & Ind Opt, Femtowave, Kyowa Fine Tech Co Ltd, Daheng Opt				We report in the development a very low dc power consumption (<10 W) ultra-compact dual-band single-channel receiver that operates simultaneously in the 520-600 GHz band and the 1100-1200 GHz band. A single frequency multiplied 520-600 GHz local oscillator chain generating 4-7 mW output power is used to pump both mixers simultaneously and obtain state-of-art performance with a reduction of 5 to 10 times in dc power, mass and size. The receiver is designed to fit Small Sat platforms for remote velocity resolved water detection and mapping in future planetary science mission to comets and ocean worlds.	[Siles, Jose V.; Kawamura, Jonathan; Hayton, Darren; Mehdi, Imran] CALTECH, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91101 USA; [Hoh, Jonathan; Groppi, Chris] Arizona State Univ, Sch Earth & Space Explorat, Tempe, AZ 85287 USA	Siles, JV (corresponding author), CALTECH, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91101 USA.							3	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	2162-2027		978-1-5386-3809-5	INT CONF INFRA MILLI			2018													2	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Physics, Applied	Engineering; Physics	BL3GO	WOS:000449683700551					2020-09-09	
S	Tang, A; Kim, Y; Virbila, G; Chang, MCF			IEEE	Tang, A.; Kim, Y.; Virbila, G.; Chang, M-C Frank			A 5.8 GHz 1.77mW AFSK-OFDM CMOS Backscatter Transmitter for Low Power IoT Applications	2018 IEEE/MTT-S INTERNATIONAL MICROWAVE SYMPOSIUM - IMS	IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE/MTT-S International Microwave Symposium	JUN 10-15, 2018	Philadelphia, PA	IEEE, MTT-S, RFIC, ARFTG, IMBIoC, IMS		Backscatter modulator; OFDM; ASK		This paper presents an AFSK-OFDM (amplitude frequency shift keying-orthogonal frequency division multiplexing) based backscatter transmitter for Internet-of-Things (IoT) applications. The transmitter uses an array of 4 low-power direct digital frequency synthesizers (DDFSs) and DACs to transmit data using both frequency and amplitude symbols on 4 different OFDM subcarriers. The backscatter modulator is demonstrated within a 5.8 GHz wireless link using an 8-symbol OFDM library at a range of 2.7m and shown to consume 1.77 mW when operated at a symbol rate of 4MS/s (corresponds to 12 Mb/s). The modulator chip occupies 0.45mm(2) of silicon area.	[Tang, A.; Kim, Y.; Virbila, G.; Chang, M-C Frank] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Tang, A.; Kim, Y.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Tang, A (corresponding author), Univ Calif Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA.; Tang, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							4	0	0	0	1	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0149-645X	2576-7216	978-1-5386-5067-7	IEEE MTT S INT MICR			2018							259	261					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BL4ZZ	WOS:000451173600069					2020-09-09	
S	Reck, T; Jung-Kubiak, C; Chattopadhyay, G			IEEE	Reck, Theodore; Jung-Kubiak, Cecile; Chattopadhyay, Goutam			A 460 GHz MEMS-Based Single-Pole Double-Throw Waveguide Switch	2018 IEEE/MTT-S INTERNATIONAL MICROWAVE SYMPOSIUM - IMS	IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE/MTT-S International Microwave Symposium	JUN 10-15, 2018	Philadelphia, PA	IEEE, MTT-S, RFIC, ARFTG, IMBIoC, IMS		RF-MEMS; micromachining; submillimeter-wave		The design, fabrication and measurement of a 460 GHz MEMS-based single-pole double-throw (SPDT) wave-guide switch is presented. A silicon etched large-deflection actuator is applied to create two reflective switches that are combined to form the double-throw switch. A hybrid packaging approach combining the silicon MEMS actuator with a metal CNC-milled waveguide housing enables direct integration with standard waveguide components. Insertion loss for the packaged device is 1 dB or less with a return loss of greater than 23 dB across a 17% fractional bandwidth. To the author's knowledge, this is the highest frequency, lowest-loss SPDT switch that has been demonstrated.	[Reck, Theodore; Jung-Kubiak, Cecile; Chattopadhyay, Goutam] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Reck, T (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	theodore.reck@jpl.nasa.gov						7	0	0	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0149-645X	2576-7216	978-1-5386-5067-7	IEEE MTT S INT MICR			2018							773	775					3	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BL4ZZ	WOS:000451173600204					2020-09-09	
S	Varonen, M; Cleary, K; Karaca, D; Halonen, KAI			IEEE	Varonen, Mikko; Cleary, Kieran; Karaca, Denizhan; Halonen, Kari A. I.			Cryogenic Millimeter-Wave CMOS Low-Noise Amplifier	2018 IEEE/MTT-S INTERNATIONAL MICROWAVE SYMPOSIUM - IMS	IEEE MTT-S International Microwave Symposium		English	Proceedings Paper	IEEE-MTT-Society International Microwave Symposium (IMS)	JUN 10-15, 2018	Philadelphia, PA	IEEE, IEEE MTT Soc, RFIC, ARFTG, IMBIoC, IMS		CMOS; Cryogenic; low-noise amplifiers; MMIC		In this paper we report a cryogenically cooled CMOS amplifier covering at least 75 to 115 GHz frequency range. The amplifier chip was fabricated in 28-nm FD SOI CMOS technology. When cryogenically cooled to 20 K and measured on-wafer the CMOS amplifier shows 108-155 K noise temperature from 75 to 115 GHz. This means 6 to 8 times improvement in noise temperature compared to room temperature noise. The measured small-signal gain is around 20 dB. To the best of authors' knowledge, these are the first cryogenic measurements of millimeter-wave CMOS amplifiers and lowest CMOS LNA noise temperatures for W-Band reported to date.	[Varonen, Mikko] VTT Tech Res Ctr Finland, MilliLab, Espoo, Finland; [Cleary, Kieran] CALTECH, Cahill Radio Astron Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Karaca, Denizhan; Halonen, Kari A. I.] Aalto Univ, Espoo, Finland	Varonen, M (corresponding author), VTT Tech Res Ctr Finland, MilliLab, Espoo, Finland.			Varonen, Mikko/0000-0002-6515-5092	Academy of FinlandAcademy of Finland	The work of M. Varonen was supported through the Academy of Finland under Academy Research Fellow project MIDERI.		14	1	1	0	0	IEEE	NEW YORK	345 E 47TH ST, NEW YORK, NY 10017 USA	0149-645X	2576-7216	978-1-5386-5067-7	IEEE MTT S INT MICR			2018							1503	1506					4	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	BL4ZZ	WOS:000451173600397					2020-09-09	
J	Suram, SK; Fackler, SW; Zhou, L; N'Diaye, AT; Drisdell, WS; Yano, J; Gregoire, JM				Suram, Santosh K.; Fackler, Sean W.; Zhou, Lan; N'Diaye, Alpha T.; Drisdell, Walter S.; Yano, Junko; Gregoire, John M.			Combinatorial Discovery of Lanthanum-Tantalum Oxynitride Solar Light Absorbers with Dilute Nitrogen for Solar Fuel Applications	ACS COMBINATORIAL SCIENCE			English	Article						oxynitride; light absorber; solar fuel; x-ray absorption spectroscopy; combinatorial materials science	PULSED-LASER DEPOSITION; VISIBLE-LIGHT; THIN-FILMS; PEROVSKITE OXYNITRIDES; PHOTOCATALYTIC ACTIVITY; CUBIC PEROVSKITES; WATER OXIDATION; PHOTOANODES; OXIDE; IRRADIATION	Oxynitrides with the photoelectrochemical stability of oxides and desirable band energetics of nitrides comprise a promising class of materials for solar photochemistry. Challenges in synthesizing a wide variety of oxynitride materials has limited exploration of this class of functional materials, which we address using a reactive cosputtering combined with rapid thermal processing method to synthesize multi-cation multi-anion libraries. We demonstrate the synthesis of a LaxTa1-xOyNz thin film composition spread library and its characterization by both traditional thin film materials characterization and custom combinatorial optical spectroscopy and X-ray absorption near edge spectroscopy (XANES) techniques, ultimately establishing structure-chemistry-property relationships. We observe that over a substantial La-Ta composition range the thin films crystallize in the same perovskite LaTaON2 structure with significant variation of anion chemistry. The relative invariance in optical band gap demonstrates a remarkable decoupling of composition and band energetics so that the composition can be optimized while retaining the desirable 2 eV band gap energy. We also demonstrate the intercalation of diatomic nitrogen into the La3TaO7 structure, which gives rise to a direct-allowed optical transition at 2.2 eV, less than half the value of the oxide's band gap. These findings motivate further exploration of the visible light response of this material that is predicted to be stable over a wide range of electrochemical potential.	[Suram, Santosh K.; Zhou, Lan; Gregoire, John M.] CALTECH, Joint Ctr Artificial Photosynth, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Fackler, Sean W.; Drisdell, Walter S.; Yano, Junko] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Joint Ctr Artificial Photosynth, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [N'Diaye, Alpha T.] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Adv Light Source, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Yano, Junko] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Mol Biophys & Integrated Bioimaging Div, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Suram, Santosh K.] Toyota Res Inst, Mountain View, CA 94040 USA	Gregoire, JM (corresponding author), CALTECH, Joint Ctr Artificial Photosynth, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Yano, J (corresponding author), Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Joint Ctr Artificial Photosynth, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.; Yano, J (corresponding author), Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Mol Biophys & Integrated Bioimaging Div, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	jyano@lbl.gov; gregoire@caltech.edu	N'Diaye, Alpha T/D-1110-2018	N'Diaye, Alpha T/0000-0001-9429-9776; Zhou, Lan/0000-0002-7052-266X; Drisdell, Walter/0000-0002-8693-4562	Office of Science of the U.S. Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-SC0004993]; DOE Office of Science User FacilityUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-AC02-05CH11231]	This study is based upon work performed by the Joint Center for Artificial Photosynthesis, a DOE Energy Innovation Hub, supported through the Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy (Award No. DE-SC0004993). The authors thank Dr. Chi Ma and Prof. George R. Rossman for assistance with WDS measurements. This research used resources of the Advanced Light Source, which is a DOE Office of Science User Facility under contract no. DE-AC02-05CH11231. The authors also thank Yi-Sheng Liu, Li Cheng Kao, and Yifan Ye for assistance with XANES measurements at ALS beamline 6.3.1.2.		61	8	8	4	45	AMER CHEMICAL SOC	WASHINGTON	1155 16TH ST, NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20036 USA	2156-8952	2156-8944		ACS COMB SCI	ACS Comb. Sci.	JAN	2018	20	1					26	34		10.1021/acscombsci.7b00143			9	Chemistry, Applied; Chemistry, Medicinal; Chemistry, Multidisciplinary	Chemistry; Pharmacology & Pharmacy	FS7ST	WOS:000419998800003	29178778	Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Udalski, A; Ryu, YH; Sajadian, S; Gould, A; Mroz, P; Poleski, R; Szymanski, MK; Skowron, J; Soszynski, I; Kozlowski, S; Pietrukowicz, P; Ulaczyk, K; Pawlak, M; Rybicki, K; Iwanek, P; Albrow, MD; Chung, SJ; Han, C; Hwang, KH; Jung, YK; Shin, IG; Shvartzvald, Y; Yee, JC; Zang, W; Zhu, W; Cha, SM; Kim, DJ; Kim, HW; Kim, SL; Lee, CU; Lee, DJ; Lee, Y; Park, BG; Pogge, RW; Bozza, V; Dominik, M; Helling, C; Hundertmark, M; Jorgensen, UG; Longa-Pena, P; Lowry, S; Burgdorf, M; Campbell-White, J; Ciceri, S; Evans, D; Jaimes, RF; Fujii, YI; Haikala, LK; Henning, T; Hinse, TC; Mancini, L; Peixinho, N; Rahvar, S; Rabus, M; Skottfelt, J; Snodgrass, C; Southworth, J; von Essen, C				Udalski, A.; Ryu, Y-H; Sajadian, S.; Gould, A.; Mroz, P.; Poleski, R.; Szymanski, M. K.; Skowron, J.; Soszynski, I; Kozlowski, S.; Pietrukowicz, P.; Ulaczyk, K.; Pawlak, M.; Rybicki, K.; Iwanek, P.; Albrow, M. D.; Chung, S-J; Han, C.; Hwang, K-H; Jung, Y. K.; Shin, I-G; Shvartzvald, Y.; Yee, J. C.; Zang, W.; Zhu, W.; Cha, S-M; Kim, D-J; Kim, H-W; Kim, S-L; Lee, C-U; Lee, D-J; Lee, Y.; Park, B-G; Pogge, R. W.; Bozza, V; Dominik, M.; Helling, C.; Hundertmark, M.; Jorgensen, U. G.; Longa-Pena, P.; Lowry, S.; Burgdorf, M.; Campbell-White, J.; Ciceri, S.; Evans, D.; Jaimes, R. Figuera; Fujii, Y., I; Haikala, L. K.; Henning, T.; Hinse, T. C.; Mancini, L.; Peixinho, N.; Rahvar, S.; Rabus, M.; Skottfelt, J.; Snodgrass, C.; Southworth, J.; von Essen, C.		OGLE Collaboration; KMTNet Collaboration; MiNDSTEp Collaboration	OGLE-2017-BLG-1434Lb: Eighth q < 1 x 10(-4) Mass-Ratio Microlens Planet Confirms Turnover in Planet Mass-Ratio Function	ACTA ASTRONOMICA			English	Article						Gravitational lensing: micro; Planetary systems	GRAVITATIONAL LENSING EXPERIMENT; DIFFERENCE IMAGE-ANALYSIS; GALACTIC PLANETS; EARTH-MASS; SNOW LINE; FREQUENCY; COMPANIONS; PHOTOMETRY; SYSTEMS; EVENTS	We report the discovery of a cold Super-Earth planet (m(p) = 4.4 +/- 0.5 M-circle plus) orbiting a low-mass (M = 0.23 +/- 0.03 M-circle dot) M dwarf at projected separation a(perpendicular to) l = 1.18 +/- 0.10 a.u., i.e., about 1.9 times the distance the snow line. The system is quite nearby for a microlensing planet, D-L = 0.86 +/- 0.09 kpc. Indeed, it was the large lens-source relative parallax pi(rel) = 1.0 mas (combined with the low mass M) that gave rise to the large, and thus well-measured, "microlens parallax" pi(E) proportional to (pi(rel)/M)(1/2) that enabled these precise measurements. OGLE-2017-BLG-1434Lb is the eighth microlensing planet with planet-host mass ratio q < 1 x 10(-4). We apply a new planet-detection sensitivity method, which is a variant of "V/V-max", to seven of these eight planets to derive the mass-ratio function in this regime. We find dN/ d lnq proportional to q(P) , with p =1.05(-0.68)(+0.78), which confirms the "turnover" in the mass function found by Suzuki et al. relative to the power law of opposite sign n = -0.93 +/- 0.13 at higher mass ratios q greater than or similar to 2 x 10(-4). We combine our result with that of Suzuki et al. to obtain p = 0.73(-0.34)(+0.42.)	[Udalski, A.; Mroz, P.; Poleski, R.; Szymanski, M. K.; Skowron, J.; Soszynski, I; Kozlowski, S.; Pietrukowicz, P.; Ulaczyk, K.; Pawlak, M.; Rybicki, K.; Iwanek, P.] Univ Warsaw Observ, Al Ujazdowskie 4, PL-00478 Warsaw, Poland; [Ryu, Y-H; Gould, A.; Chung, S-J; Hwang, K-H; Cha, S-M; Kim, D-J; Kim, H-W; Kim, S-L; Lee, C-U; Lee, D-J; Lee, Y.; Park, B-G; Hinse, T. C.] Korea Astron & Space Sci Inst, Daejon 34055, South Korea; [Sajadian, S.] Isfahan Univ Technol, Dept Phys, Esfahan 8415683111, Iran; [Gould, A.; Henning, T.; Mancini, L.] Max Planck Inst Astron, Konigstuhl 17, D-69117 Heidelberg, Germany; [Gould, A.; Poleski, R.; Pogge, R. W.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Astron, 140 W 18th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Albrow, M. D.] Univ Canterbury, Dept Phys & Astron, Private Bag 4800, Christchurch 8020, New Zealand; [Chung, S-J; Kim, S-L; Lee, C-U; Park, B-G; Rabus, M.] Korea Univ Sci & Technol, Daejeon 34113, South Korea; [Han, C.] Chungbuk Natl Univ, Dept Phys, Cheongju 28644, South Korea; [Jung, Y. K.; Shin, I-G; Yee, J. C.] Harvard Smithsonian CfA, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Shvartzvald, Y.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Zang, W.] Tsinghua Univ, Phys Dept, Beijing 100084, Peoples R China; [Zang, W.] Tsinghua Univ, Tsinghua Ctr Astrophys, Beijing 100084, Peoples R China; [Zang, W.] Zhejiang Univ, Dept Phys, Hangzhou 310058, Zhejiang, Peoples R China; [Zhu, W.] Univ Toronto, Canadian Inst Theoret Astrophys, 60 St George St, Toronto, ON M5S 3H8, Canada; [Cha, S-M; Lee, Y.] Kyung Hee Univ, Sch Space Res, Yongin 17104, Kyeonggi, South Korea; [Bozza, V] Univ Salerno, Dipartimento Fis ER Caianiello, Via Giovanni Paolo 2 132, I-84084 Fisciano, Italy; [Bozza, V] Ist Nazl Fis Nucl, Sez Napoli, Naples, Italy; [Dominik, M.; Helling, C.; Jaimes, R. Figuera] Univ St Andrews, Sch Phys & Astron, SUPA, Ctr Exoplanet Sci, St Andrews KY16 9SS, Fife, Scotland; [Hundertmark, M.] Univ Heidelberg ZAH, Zentrum Astron, Astron Rech Inst, D-69120 Heidelberg, Germany; [Jorgensen, U. G.; Fujii, Y., I] Univ Copenhagen, Niels Bohr Inst, Oster Voldgade 5, DK-1350 Copenhagen, Denmark; [Jorgensen, U. G.; Fujii, Y., I] Univ Copenhagen, Ctr Star & Planet Format, Oster Voldgade 5, DK-1350 Copenhagen, Denmark; [Longa-Pena, P.; Peixinho, N.] Univ Antofagasta, Unidad Astron, Av Angamos 601, Antofagasta, Chile; [Lowry, S.; Campbell-White, J.] Univ Kent, Ctr Astrophys & Planetary Sci, Canterbury CT2 7NH, Kent, England; [Burgdorf, M.] Univ Hamburg, Dept Earth Sci, Meteorol Inst, Fac Math Informat & Nat Sci, Bundesstr 55, D-20146 Hamburg, Germany; [Ciceri, S.] Stockholm Univ, Alba Nova Univ Ctr, Dept Astron, S-10691 Stockholm, Sweden; [Evans, D.; Southworth, J.] Keele Univ, Astrophys Grp, Keele ST5 5BG, Staffs, England; [Fujii, Y., I] Nagoya Univ, Inst Adv Res, Chikusa Ku, Furo Cho, Nagoya, Aichi 4648601, Japan; [Haikala, L. K.] Univ Atacama, Inst Astron & Ciencias Planetarias Atacama, Copayapu 485, Copiapo, Chile; [Mancini, L.] Univ Roma Tor Vergata, Dept Phys, Via Ric Sci 1, I-00133 Rome, Italy; [Mancini, L.] INAF Astrophys Observ Turin, Via Osservatorio 20, I-10025 Pino Torinese, Italy; [Peixinho, N.] Univ Coimbra, Geophys & Astron Observ, CITEUC Ctr Earth & Space Res, R Observ S-N, P-3040004 Coimbra, Portugal; [Rahvar, S.] Sharif Univ Technol, Dept Phys, POB 11155-9161, Tehran, Iran; [Rabus, M.] Pontificia Univ Catolica Chile, Inst Astrofis, Av Vicuna Mackenna 4860, Santiago 7820436, Chile; [Skottfelt, J.] Open Univ, Ctr Elect Imaging, Dept Phys Sci, Milton Keynes MK7 6AA, Bucks, England; [Snodgrass, C.] Open Univ, Sch Phys Sci, Fac Sci Technol Engn & Math, Walton Hall, Milton Keynes MK7 6AA, Bucks, England; [von Essen, C.] Aarhus Univ, Stellar Astrophys Ctr, Dept Phys & Astron, Ny Munkegade 120, DK-8000 Aarhus C, Denmark	Udalski, A (corresponding author), Univ Warsaw Observ, Al Ujazdowskie 4, PL-00478 Warsaw, Poland.	udalski@astrouw.edu.pl	Fujii, Yuri I./N-2781-2015; Burgdorf, Martin/H-5576-2019; Helling, Christiane/T-9497-2018; Skowron, Jan/M-5186-2014; Hinse, Tobias/W-5579-2018; Kozlowski, Szymon/G-4799-2013; Rahvar, Sohrab/L-7544-2019; Rahvar, Sohrab/M-9780-2019; Peixinho, Nuno/B-2570-2014	Helling, Christiane/0000-0002-8275-1371; Skowron, Jan/0000-0002-2335-1730; Hinse, Tobias/0000-0001-8870-3146; Kozlowski, Szymon/0000-0003-4084-880X; Rahvar, Sohrab/0000-0002-7084-5725; Campbell-White, Justyn/0000-0002-3913-3746; Udalski, Andrzej/0000-0001-5207-5619; Haikala, Lauri Kristian/0000-0001-9279-2815; Lee, Chung-Uk/0000-0003-0043-3925; Dominik, Martin/0000-0002-3202-0343; Peixinho, Nuno/0000-0002-6830-476X; Skottfelt, Jesper/0000-0003-1310-8283; Snodgrass, Colin/0000-0001-9328-2905; Ulaczyk, Krzysztof/0000-0001-6364-408X; Lowry, Stephen/0000-0002-5605-4329; LEE, Yongseok/0000-0001-7594-8072	US NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1516842]; JPL [1500811]; National Research Foundation of KoreaNational Research Foundation of Korea [2017R1A4A1015178]; National Science Centre, Poland, grant [MAESTRO 2014/14/A/ST9/00121]	We thank the anonymous referee for useful remarks. Work by WZ, YKJ, and AG were supported by AST-1516842 from the US NSF. WZ, IGS, and AG were supported by JPL grant 1500811. Work by C.H. was supported by the grant (2017R1A4A1015178) of National Research Foundation of Korea. This research has made use of the KMTNet system operated by the Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute (KASI) and the data were obtained at three host sites of CTIO in Chile, SAAO in South Africa, and SSO in Australia. The OGLE project has received funding from the National Science Centre, Poland, grant MAESTRO 2014/14/A/ST9/00121 to AU. Work by YS was supported by an appointment to the NASA Postdoctoral Program at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, administered by Universities Space Research Association through a contract with NASA.		64	23	23	0	5	COPERNICUS FOUNDATION POLISH  ASTRONOMY	WARSAW	AL UJAZDOWSKIE 4, 00-478 WARSAW, POLAND	0001-5237			ACTA ASTRONOM	Acta Astron.		2018	68	1					1	42		10.32023/0001-5237/68.1.1			42	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	GF7XR	WOS:000432182200001					2020-09-09	
J	Skowron, J; Ryu, YH; Hwang, KH; Udalski, A; Mroz, P; Kozlowski, S; Soszynski, I; Pietrukowicz, P; Szymanski, MK; Poleski, R; Ulaczyk, K; Pawlak, M; Rybicki, K; Iwanek, P; Albrow, MD; Chung, SJ; Gould, A; Han, C; Jung, YK; Shin, IG; Shvartzvald, Y; Yee, JC; Zang, W; Zhu, W; Cha, SM; Kim, DJ; Kim, HW; Kim, SL; Lee, CU; Lee, DJ; Lee, Y; Park, BG; Pogge, RW				Skowron, J.; Ryu, Y-H; Hwang, K-H; Udalski, A.; Mroz, P.; Kozlowski, S.; Soszynski, I; Pietrukowicz, P.; Szymanski, M. K.; Poleski, R.; Ulaczyk, K.; Pawlak, M.; Rybicki, K.; Iwanek, P.; Albrow, M. D.; Chung, S-J; Gould, A.; Han, C.; Jung, Y. K.; Shin, I-G; Shvartzvald, Y.; Yee, J. C.; Zang, W.; Zhu, W.; Cha, S-M; Kim, D-J; Kim, H-W; Kim, S-L; Lee, C-U; Lee, D-J; Lee, Y.; Park, B-G; Pogge, R. W.		OGLE Collaboration; KMTNET Collaboration	OGLE-2017-BLG-0373Lb: A Jovian Mass-Ratio Planet Exposes A New Accidental Microlensing Degeneracy	ACTA ASTRONOMICA			English	Article						Gravitational lensing: micro; Planetary systems	GRAVITATIONAL LENSING EXPERIMENT; PARALLAX; SYSTEMS; EVENTS; PERTURBATIONS; PHOTOMETRY; CAUSTICS; HALO	We report the discovery of microlensing planet OGLE-2017-BLG-0373Lb. We show that while the planet-host system has an unambiguous microlens topology, there are two geometries within this topology that fit the data equally well, which leads to a factor 2.5 difference in planet-host mass ratio, i.e., q = 1.5 x 10(-3) vs. q = 0.6 x 10(-3). We show that this is an "accidental degeneracy" in the sense that it is due to a gap in the data. We dub it "the caustic-chirality degeneracy". We trace the mathematical origins of this degeneracy, which should enable similar degenerate solutions to be easily located in the future. A Bayesian estimate, based on a Galactic model, yields a host mass M = 0.25(-0.15)(+0.30) M circle dot at a distance D-L = 5.9(-1.95)(+1.3) kpc. The lens-source relative proper motion is relatively fast, mu = 9 mas/yr, which implies that the host mass and distance can be determined by high-resolution imaging after about 10 years. The same observations could in principle resolve the discrete degeneracy in q, but this will be more challenging.	[Skowron, J.; Udalski, A.; Mroz, P.; Kozlowski, S.; Soszynski, I; Pietrukowicz, P.; Szymanski, M. K.; Poleski, R.; Ulaczyk, K.; Pawlak, M.; Rybicki, K.; Iwanek, P.] Univ Warsaw Observ, Al Ujazdowskie 4, PL-00478 Warsaw, Poland; [Ryu, Y-H; Hwang, K-H; Chung, S-J; Gould, A.; Cha, S-M; Kim, D-J; Kim, H-W; Kim, S-L; Lee, C-U; Lee, D-J; Lee, Y.; Park, B-G] Korea Astron & Space Sci Inst, Daejon 34055, South Korea; [Poleski, R.; Gould, A.; Pogge, R. W.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Astron, 140 W 18th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Albrow, M. D.] Univ Canterbury, Dept Phys & Astron, Private Bag 4800, Christchurch 8020, New Zealand; [Chung, S-J; Kim, S-L; Lee, C-U; Park, B-G] Korea Univ Sci & Technol, Daejeon 34113, South Korea; [Gould, A.] Max Planck Inst Astron, Konigstuhl 17, D-69117 Heidelberg, Germany; [Han, C.] Chungbuk Natl Univ, Dept Phys, Cheongju 28644, South Korea; [Jung, Y. K.; Shin, I-G; Yee, J. C.] Harvard Smithsonian CfA, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Shvartzvald, Y.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Zang, W.] Tsinghua Univ, Phys Dept, Beijing 100084, Peoples R China; [Zang, W.] Tsinghua Univ, Tsinghua Ctr Astrophys, Beijing 100084, Peoples R China; [Zang, W.] Zhejiang Univ, Dept Phys, Hangzhou 310058, Zhejiang, Peoples R China; [Zhu, W.] Univ Toronto, Canadian Inst Theoret Astrophys, 60 St George St, Toronto, ON M5S 3H8, Canada; [Cha, S-M; Lee, Y.] Kyung Hee Univ, Sch Space Res, Yongin 17104, Kyeonggi, South Korea	Skowron, J (corresponding author), Univ Warsaw Observ, Al Ujazdowskie 4, PL-00478 Warsaw, Poland.	jskowron@astrouw.edu.pl	Skowron, Jan/M-5186-2014; Kozlowski, Szymon/G-4799-2013; Szymanski, Michal Krzysztof/H-6951-2018	Skowron, Jan/0000-0002-2335-1730; Kozlowski, Szymon/0000-0003-4084-880X; Lee, Chung-Uk/0000-0003-0043-3925; Szymanski, Michal Krzysztof/0000-0002-0548-8995; Ulaczyk, Krzysztof/0000-0001-6364-408X; Iwanek, Patryk/0000-0002-6212-7221; Udalski, Andrzej/0000-0001-5207-5619; ZHU, WEI/0000-0003-4027-4711; Soszynski, Igor/0000-0002-7777-0842; LEE, Yongseok/0000-0001-7594-8072	National Science Centre, Poland [MAESTRO 2014/14/A/ST9/00121]; US NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1516842]; JPL grant [1500811]; National Research Foundation of KoreaNational Research Foundation of Korea [2017R1A4A1015178]	The OGLE project has received funding from the National Science Centre, Poland, grant MAESTRO 2014/14/A/ST9/00121 to AU.r Work by WZ, YKJ, and AG were supported by AST-1516842 from the US NSF. WZ, IGS, and AG were supported by JPL grant 1500811.r Work by C. Han was supported by grant (2017R1A4A1015178) of the National Research Foundation of Korea.		41	10	10	0	1	COPERNICUS FOUNDATION POLISH  ASTRONOMY	WARSAW	AL UJAZDOWSKIE 4, 00-478 WARSAW, POLAND	0001-5237			ACTA ASTRONOM	Acta Astron.		2018	68	1					43	61		10.32023/0001-5237/68.1.2			19	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	GF7XR	WOS:000432182200002					2020-09-09	
S	Veronis, G; Huang, Y; Shen, YC; Min, CJ		Subramania, GS; Foteinopoulou, S		Veronis, Georgios; Huang, Yin; Shen, Yuecheng; Min, Changjun			Using phase-change materials to switch the direction of reflectionless light propagation in non-PT-symmetric structures	ACTIVE PHOTONIC PLATFORMS X	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Active Photonic Platforms X	AUG 19-23, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		Physical optics; Nanophotonics and photonic crystals; Guided waves; Physical optics; Scattering; invisibility; Subwavelength structures	EXCEPTIONAL POINTS; INVISIBILITY; SCATTERING; CLOAKING; SYSTEMS	We introduce a non-parity-time-symmetric three-layer structure, consisting of a gain medium layer sandwiched between two phase-change medium layers for switching of the direction of reflectionless light propagation. We show that for this structure unidirectional reflectionlessness in the forward direction can be switched to unidirectional reflectionlessness in the backward direction at the optical communication wavelength by switching the phase-change material Ge2Sb2Te5 (GST) from its amorphous to its crystalline phase. We also show that it is the existence of exceptional points for this structure with GST in both its amorphous and crystalline phases which leads to unidirectional reflectionless propagation in the forward direction for GST in its amorphous phase, and in the backward direction for GST in its crystalline phase. Our results could be potentially important for developing a new generation of compact active free-space optical devices. We also show that phase-change materials can be used to switch photonic nanostructures between cloaking and superscattering regimes at mid-infrared wavelengths. More specifically, we investigate the scattering properties of subwavelength three-layer cylindrical structures in which the material in the outer shell is the phase-change material GST. We first show that, when GST is switched between its amorphous and crystalline phases, properly designed electrically small structures can switch between resonant scattering and cloaking invisibility regimes. The contrast ratio between the scattering cross sections of the cloaking invisibility and resonant scattering regimes reaches almost unity. We then also show that larger, moderately small cylindrical structures can be designed to switch between superscattering and cloaking invisibility regimes, when GST is switched between its crystalline and amorphous phases. The contrast ratio between the scattering cross sections of cloaking invisibility and superscattering regimes can be as high as similar to 93%. Our results could be potentially important for developing a new generation of compact reconfigurable optical devices.	[Veronis, Georgios] Louisiana State Univ, Sch Elect Engn & Comp Sci, Baton Rouge, LA 70803 USA; [Veronis, Georgios] Louisiana State Univ, Ctr Computat & Technol, Baton Rouge, LA 70803 USA; [Huang, Yin] Cent S Univ, Sch Phys & Elec, Dept Optoelect Informat Sci & Engn, Changsha 410012, Hunan, Peoples R China; [Shen, Yuecheng] CALTECH, Dept Med Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Min, Changjun] Shenzhen Univ, Minist Educ & Guangdong Prov, Key Lab Optoelect Devices & Syst, Shenzhen 518060, Peoples R China	Veronis, G (corresponding author), Louisiana State Univ, Sch Elect Engn & Comp Sci, Baton Rouge, LA 70803 USA.; Veronis, G (corresponding author), Louisiana State Univ, Ctr Computat & Technol, Baton Rouge, LA 70803 USA.				National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1254934]	Georgios Veronis acknowledges support from the National Science Foundation under award no. 1254934.		70	0	0	3	5	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2014-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10721								107210I	10.1117/12.2322004			7	Optics	Optics	BL5JK	WOS:000451765300004		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Baranec, C; Chun, M; Hall, D; Connelley, M; Hodapp, K; Huber, D; Liu, MC; Magnier, E; Meech, K; Takamiya, M; Griffiths, R; Riddle, R; Dekany, R; Kasliwal, M; Lau, R; Law, NM; Guyon, O; de Pater, I; Wong, M; Ofek, E; Hammel, H; Kuchner, M; Simon, A; Moore, A; Kissler-Patig, M; van Dam, MA		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Baranec, Christoph; Chun, Mark; Hall, Donald; Connelley, Michael; Hodapp, Klaus; Huber, Daniel; Liu, Michael C.; Magnier, Eugene; Meech, Karen; Takamiya, Marianne; Griffiths, Richard; Riddle, Reed; Dekany, Richard; Kasliwal, Mansi; Lau, Ryan; Law, Nicholas M.; Guyon, Olivier; de Pater, Imke; Wong, Mike; Ofek, Eran; Hammel, Heidi; Kuchner, Marc; Simon, Amy; Moore, Anna; Kissler-Patig, Markus; van Dam, Marcos A.			The Robo-AO-2 facility for rapid visible/near-infrared AO imaging and the demonstration of hybrid techniques	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		adaptive optics; lasers; robotic adaptive optics; time domain astronomy	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEM; RED GIANT; PERFORMANCE; PLANETS; STARS; SPECTROSCOPY	We are building a next-generation laser adaptive optics system, Robo-AO-2, for the UH 2.2-m telescope that will deliver robotic, diffraction-limited observations at visible and near-infrared wavelengths in unprecedented numbers. The superior Maunakea observing site, expanded spectral range and rapid response to high-priority events represent a significant advance over the prototype. Robo-AO-2 will include a new reconfigurable natural guide star sensor for exquisite wavefront correction on bright targets and the demonstration of potentially transformative hybrid AO techniques that promise to extend the faintness limit on current and future exoplanet adaptive optics systems.	[Baranec, Christoph; Chun, Mark; Hall, Donald; Connelley, Michael; Hodapp, Klaus] Univ Hawaii Manoa, Inst Astron, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Huber, Daniel; Liu, Michael C.; Magnier, Eugene; Meech, Karen] Univ Hawaii Manoa, Inst Astron, Honolulu, HI 96822 USA; [Takamiya, Marianne; Griffiths, Richard] Univ Hawaii, Dept Phys & Astron, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Riddle, Reed; Dekany, Richard; Kasliwal, Mansi; Lau, Ryan] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Law, Nicholas M.] Univ N Carolina, Dept Phys & Astron, Chapel Hill, NC 27599 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [de Pater, Imke; Wong, Mike] Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Ofek, Eran] Weizmann Inst Sci, Benoziyo Ctr Astrophys, IL-76100 Rehovot, Israel; [Hammel, Heidi] Assoc Univ Res Astron, Washington, DC 20004 USA; [Kuchner, Marc; Simon, Amy] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Moore, Anna] Australian Natl Univ, Res Sch Astron & Astrophys, Canberra, ACT 2611, Australia; [Kissler-Patig, Markus] European Southern Observ, D-85748 Garching, Germany; [van Dam, Marcos A.] Flat Wavefronts, 21 Lascelles St, Christchurch 8022, New Zealand	Baranec, C (corresponding author), Univ Hawaii Manoa, Inst Astron, Hilo, HI 96720 USA.	baranec@hawaii.edu	Simon, Amy A/C-8020-2012; Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019	Simon, Amy A/0000-0003-4641-6186; Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Moore, Anna/0000-0002-2894-6936; Kasliwal, Tamay/0000-0001-5634-7167; Meech, Karen/0000-0002-2058-5670	Alfred P. Sloan FoundationAlfred P. Sloan Foundation; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1712014, AST-1106391]; State of Hawaii Capital Improvement Projects; Mt. Cuba Astronomical Foundation	C.B. acknowledges support from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation. The Robo-AO-2 system is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1712014, the State of Hawaii Capital Improvement Projects, and by a gift from the Lumb Family. Support for the infrared camera for Robo-AO and Robo-AO-2 was provided by the Mt. Cuba Astronomical Foundation and through the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1106391.		99	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070327	10.1117/12.2312835			15	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300071		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Bond, CZ; Wizinowich, P; Chun, M; Mawet, D; Lilley, S; Cetre, S; Jovanovic, N; Delorme, JR; Wetherell, E; Jacobson, S; Lockhart, C; Warmbier, E; Wallace, JK; Hall, DN; Goebel, S; Guyon, O; Plantet, C; Agapito, G; Giordano, C; Esposito, S; Femenia-Castella, B		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Bond, Charlotte Z.; Wizinowich, Peter; Chun, Mark; Mawet, Dimitri; Lilley, Scott; Cetre, Sylvain; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Delorme, Jacques-Robert; Wetherell, Edward; Jacobson, Shane; Lockhart, Charles; Warmbier, Eric; Wallace, James K.; Hall, Donald N.; Goebel, Sean; Guyon, Olivier; Plantet, Cedric; Agapito, Guido; Giordano, Christophe; Esposito, Simone; Femenia-Castella, Bruno			Adaptive optics with an infrared Pyramid wavefront sensor	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Wavefront sensing; adaptive optics; Pyramid wavefront sensor; infrared		Wavefront sensing in the infrared is highly desirable for the study of M-type stars and cool red objects, as they are sufficiently bright in the infrared to be used as the adaptive optics guide star. This aids in high contrast imaging, particularly for low mass stars where the star-to-planet brightness ratio is reduced. Here we discuss the combination of infrared detector technology with the highly sensitive Pyramid wavefront sensor (WFS) for a new generation of systems. Such sensors can extend the capabilities of current telescopes and meet the requirements for future instruments, such as those proposed for the giant segmented mirror telescopes. Here we introduce the infrared Pyramid WFS and discuss the advantages and challenges of this sensor. We present a new infrared Pyramid WFS for Keck, a key sub-system of the Keck Planet Imager and Characterizer (KPIC). The design, integration and testing is reported on, with a focus on the characterization of the SAPHIRA detector used to provide the H-band wavefront sensing. Initial results demonstrate a required effective read noise < 1e(-) at high gain.	[Bond, Charlotte Z.; Chun, Mark; Jacobson, Shane; Lockhart, Charles; Warmbier, Eric; Hall, Donald N.; Goebel, Sean] Univ Hawaii, Inst Astron, 640 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Wizinowich, Peter; Lilley, Scott; Cetre, Sylvain; Wetherell, Edward; Femenia-Castella, Bruno] WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Hwy, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Delorme, Jacques-Robert] CALTECH, Dept Astron, Pasadena, CA 91106 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Subaru Telescope NAOJ, 650 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Plantet, Cedric; Agapito, Guido; Giordano, Christophe; Esposito, Simone] INAF Osservatorio Astron Arcetri, I-50125 Florence, Italy; [Wallace, James K.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Bond, CZ (corresponding author), Univ Hawaii, Inst Astron, 640 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA.	czbond@hawaii.edu	Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019; Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020; Agapito, Guido/AAK-4439-2020	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Agapito, Guido/0000-0002-6382-2613; Plantet, Cedric Antoine Adrien Gabriel/0000-0002-3898-4004; Esposito, Simone/0000-0002-3114-677X	National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1611623, AST-1106391]; Heising-Simons Foundation; W. M. Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation	The near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1611623. The camera used with the pyramid wavefront sensor is provided by Don Hall with support by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1106391. The fiber injection unit is supported by the Heising-Simons Foundation.; The W. M. Keck Observatory is operated as a scientific partnership among the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The Observatory was made possible by the generous financial support of the W. M. Keck Foundation.		18	2	2	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107031Z	10.1117/12.2314121			11	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300063		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Cetre, S; Guyon, O; Bond, C; Chun, M; Mawet, D; Wizinowich, P; Lockhart, C; Goebel, S; Wetherell, E		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Cetre, Sylvain; Guyon, Olivier; Bond, Charlotte; Chun, Mark; Mawet, Dimitri; Wizinowich, Peter; Lockhart, Charles; Goebel, Sean; Wetherell, Ed			A near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor for Keck adaptive optics: real-time controller	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Real-Time Control; Pyramid Wavefront Sensor; Adaptive Optics	SYSTEM	A new real-time control system will be implemented within the Keck II adaptive optics system to support the new near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor. The new real-time computer has to interface with an existing, very productive adaptive optics system. We discuss our solution to install it in an operational environment without impacting science. This solution is based on an independent SCExAO-based pyramid wavefront sensor real-time processor solution using the hardware interfaces provided by the existing Keck II real-time controller. We introduce the new pyramid real-time controller system design, its expected performance, and the modification of the operational real-time controller to support the pyramid system including interfacing with the existing deformable and tip-tilt mirrors. We describe the integration of the Saphira detector-based camera and the Boston Micromachines kilo-DM in this new architecture. We explain the software architecture and philosophy, the shared memory concept and how the real-time computer uses the power of GPUs for adaptive optics control. We discuss the strengths and weaknesses of this architecture and how it can benefit other projects. The motion control of the devices deployed on the Keck II adaptive optics bench to support the alignment of the light on the sensors is also described. The interfaces, developed to deal with the rest of the Keck telescope systems in the observatory distributed system, are reviewed. Based on this experience, we present which design ideas could have helped us integrate the new system with the previous one and the resultant performance gains.	[Cetre, Sylvain; Wizinowich, Peter; Wetherell, Ed] WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Highway, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 Nortrh Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Bond, Charlotte; Chun, Mark; Lockhart, Charles; Goebel, Sean] Inst Astron, 650 North Aohok Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri] CALTECH, MC 249-17,1200 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Cetre, S (corresponding author), WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Highway, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA.	scetre@keck.hawaii.edu	Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908	National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [ASF-1106391, AST-1611623]; Heising-Simons Foundation; W. M. Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation	The near-infrared PWS is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1611623. The fiber injection unit is supported by the Heising-Simons Foundation. The PWS camera was provided by Don Hall as part of his National Science Foundation funding under Grant No. ASF-1106391. We would like to acknowledge the technical contributions of Kevin Tsubota, Sam Ragland, Jason Chin, Jon Chock at WMKO, Eric Warmbier at IfA, Nemamja Jovanovic, Jacques-Robert Delorme at Caltech, the SCExAO team at Subaru and Frantz Martinache at Observatoire de la Cote d'Azur. Finally, we would like to thank Accelerate Diagnostics for providing the first GPU used in the RTC. The W. M. Keck Observatory is operated as a scientific partnership among the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The Observatory was made possible by the generous financial support of the W. M. Keck Foundation. The authors wish to recognize and acknowledge the very significant cultural role and reverence that the summit of Mauna Kea has always had within the indigenous Hawaiian community. We are most fortunate to have the opportunity to conduct observations from this mountain.		16	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070339	10.1117/12.2311781			12	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300100		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Delorme, JR; Jovanovic, N; Wallace, JK; Bartos, RD; Echeverri, D; Bond, CZ; Cetre, S; Lilley, S; Jacobson, S; Mawet, D; Wizinowich, PL; Fitzgerald, M		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Delorme, J. R.; Jovanovic, N.; Wallace, J. K.; Bartos, R. D.; Echeverri, D.; Bond, C. Z.; Cetre, S.; Lilley, S.; Jacobson, S.; Mawet, D.; Wizinowich, P. L.; Fitzgerald, M.			First version of the fiber injection unit for the Keck Planet Imager and Characterizer	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Adaptive Optics; High contrast imaging; High resolution spectroscopy; Exoplanet characterization; Doppler imaging		Coupling a high-contrast imaging instrument to a high-resolution spectrograph has the potential to enable the most detailed characterization of exoplanet atmospheres, including spin measurements and Doppler mapping. The high-contrast imaging system serves as a spatial filter to separate the light from the star and the planet while the high-resolution spectrograph acts as a spectral filter, which differentiates between features in the stellar and planetary spectra. The Keck Planet Imager and Characterizer (KPIC) located downstream from the current W. M. Keck II adaptive optics (AO) system will contain a fiber injection unit (FIU) combining a high-contrast imaging system and a fiber feed to Keck's high resolution infrared spectrograph NIRSPEC. Resolved thermal emission from known young giant exoplanets will be injected into a single-mode fiber linked to NIRSPEC, thereby allowing the spectral characterization of their atmospheres. Moreover, the resolution of NIRSPEC (R = 37,500 after upgrade) is high enough to enable spin measurements and Doppler imaging of atmospheric weather phenomenon. The module was integrated at Caltech and shipped to Hawaii at the beginning of 2018 and is currently undergoing characterization. Its transfer to Keck is planned in September and first on-sky tests sometime in December.	[Delorme, J. R.; Jovanovic, N.; Echeverri, D.; Mawet, D.] CALTECH, Astron Dept, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wallace, J. K.; Bartos, R. D.; Mawet, D.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Cetre, S.; Lilley, S.; Wizinowich, P. L.] WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Hwy, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA; [Bond, C. Z.; Jacobson, S.] Univ Hawaii, 640 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Fitzgerald, M.] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Phys & Astron, 430 Portola Plaza, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA	Delorme, JR (corresponding author), CALTECH, Astron Dept, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	jdelorme@caltech.edu	Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020; Fitzgerald, Michael/C-2642-2009	Fitzgerald, Michael/0000-0002-0176-8973	W. M. Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST 1106391, AST-1611623]; Heising-Simons Foundation	The W. M. Keck Observatory is operated as a scientific partnership among the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The Observatory was made possible by the generous financial support of the W. M. Keck Foundation. The near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1611623. The fiber injection unit is supported by the Heising-Simons Foundation. The PWS camera was provided by Don Hall as part of his National Science Foundation funding under Grant No. AST 1106391.		2	1	1	0	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107033B	10.1117/12.2313774			8	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300102		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Echeverri, D; Jovanovic, N; Delorme, JR; Ruane, G; Fucik, J; Wallace, JK; Mawet, D		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Echeverri, D.; Jovanovic, N.; Delorme, J. R.; Ruane, G.; Fucik, J.; Wallace, J. K.; Mawet, D.			Optimizing optics and opto-mechanical mounting to minimize static aberrations in high-contrast instruments	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		High Contrast Imaging; Instrumentation; Opto-Mechanical Systems		One of the goals of high-contrast imaging is to reach contrasts of 10-10 at small inner working angles to directly image Earth-like exoplanets around solar-type stars. In most imaging systems, a deformable mirror (DM) in the pupil plane can correct for phase errors but surface errors in out-of-pupil optics get coupled into amplitude errors which can only be controlled with a second, out of pupil, DM. Furthermore, correcting static errors introduced by the optics can take up valuable DM stroke. Thus, minimizing the wavefront error within the system is critical to reaching high contrast levels. For example, the High Contrast Spectroscopy for Segmented Telescopes Testbed (HCST) in the Exoplanet Technologoy lab at Caltech aims to develop exoplanet imaging technologies down to small inner working angles (< 3A/D) which requires an RMS wavefront error of less than 10 nm per optic to achieve a contrast of 10-5 with the DM flattened. While aligning HCST, it was determined that despite the excellent surface quality of all the optics, the mounts were introducing significant wavefront errors. Here we assess the effect of mount-induced wavefront errors that can rapidly consume the wavefront budget of a high-contrast system. We also present the method used to mitigate this effect within HCST such that a mean contrast of 6 x 10(-6) from 3-10A/D was achieved with a vortex coronagraph and flattened DM.	[Echeverri, D.; Jovanovic, N.; Delorme, J. R.; Ruane, G.; Fucik, J.; Mawet, D.] CALTECH, Dept Astron, Pasadena, CA 91106 USA; [Wallace, J. K.; Mawet, D.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Echeverri, D (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Astron, Pasadena, CA 91106 USA.	dechever@caltech.edu	Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020; Ruane, Garreth/A-5997-2013	Ruane, Garreth/0000-0003-4769-1665	Heising-Simons foundation; NSF Astronomy and Astrophysics Postdoctoral FellowshipNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1602444]; Exoplanet Exploration Program (ExEP), Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology	The authors would like to acknowledge the financial support of the Heising-Simons foundation. G. Ruane is supported by an NSF Astronomy and Astrophysics Postdoctoral Fellowship under award AST-1602444. This work was also supported by the Exoplanet Exploration Program (ExEP), Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract to NASA.		6	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070358	10.1117/12.2313887			11	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300157		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Guyon, O; Mazin, B; Fitzgerald, M; Mawet, D; Marois, C; Skemer, A; Lozi, J; Males, J		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Guyon, Olivier; Mazin, Benjamin; Fitzgerald, Michael; Mawet, Dimitri; Marois, Christian; Skemer, Andy; Lozi, Julien; Males, Jared		TMT-PSI Instrument Team	Wavefront Control Architecture and Expected Performance for the TMT Planetary Systems Imager	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Exoplanets; High Contrast Imaging; Adaptive Optics; Coronagraphy		The Planetary Systems Imager (PSI) is a modular instrument optimized for direct imaging and characterization of exoplanet and disks with the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT). PSI will operate across a wide wavelength range (approximate to 0.6 - 5 mu m) to image exoplanets and circumstellar disks in both reflected light and thermal emission. Thanks to the TMT's large collecting area, PSI will have the sensitivity to directly image and spectrally characterize large gaseous planets with unprecedented sensitivity. PSI will also be capable of imaging rocky planets in the habitable zones of the nearest M-type stars in reflected light and search for biomarkers in their atmospheres. Imaging habitable planets in reflected light is PSI's most challenging goal, requiring high contrast imaging (HCI) capabilities well beyond what current instruments achieve. This science goal drives PSI's wavefront sensing and control requirements and defines the corresponding architecture discussed in this paper. We show that PSI must deliver 1e-5 image contrast at approximate to 15 mas separation at lambda approximate to 1 mu m - 1.5 mu m, and that a conventional extreme-AO architecture relying on a single high speed wavefront sensor (WFS) is not sufficient to meet this requirement. We propose a wavefront control architecture relying on both visible light (lambda < 1.1 mu m) sensing to optimize sensitivity, and near-IR (lambda > 1.1 mu m) sensors to address wavefront chromaticity terms and provide high contrast imaging capability. We show that this combination will enable speckle halo suppression at the < 1e-5 raw contrast level in near-IR, allowing detection and spectroscopic characterization of potentially habitable exoplanets orbiting nearby M-type stars.	[Guyon, Olivier] Astrobiol Ctr, Tokyo, Japan; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Inst Nat Sci, Tokyo, Japan; [Guyon, Olivier; Males, Jared] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Guyon, Olivier; Lozi, Julien] Natl Inst Nat Sci, Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Mazin, Benjamin] Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA; [Fitzgerald, Michael] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA 90024 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Marois, Christian] Natl Res Council Canada, Ottawa, ON, Canada; [Skemer, Andy] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA	Guyon, O (corresponding author), Astrobiol Ctr, Tokyo, Japan.; Guyon, O (corresponding author), Natl Inst Nat Sci, Tokyo, Japan.; Guyon, O (corresponding author), Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA.; Guyon, O (corresponding author), Natl Inst Nat Sci, Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, Hilo, HI 96720 USA.	oliv.guyon@gmail.com	Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019; Fitzgerald, Michael/C-2642-2009	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Fitzgerald, Michael/0000-0002-0176-8973	Japanese Society for the Promotion of Sciences (JSPS)Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of Science; Japanese Astrobiology Center, National Institutes for Natural Sciences (ABC/NINS); JSPSMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of Science [23340051, 26220704]	The author acknowledges funding support from the Japanese Society for the Promotion of Sciences (JSPS), the Japanese Astrobiology Center, National Institutes for Natural Sciences (ABC/NINS). The authors acknowledge support from the JSPS (Grant-in-Aid for Research 23340051 and 26220704). The authors wish to acknowledge the Center for Adaptive Optics Fall Retreat and the TMT Science Forum, where much of this work originated.		14	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107030Z	10.1117/12.2314331			11	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300032					2020-09-09	
S	Jovanovic, N; Absil, O; Baudoz, P; Beaulieu, M; Bottom, M; Cady, E; Carlomagno, B; Carlotti, A; Doelman, D; Fogarty, K; Galicher, R; Guyon, O; Haffert, S; Huby, E; Jewell, J; Keller, C; Kenworthy, MA; Knight, J; Kuhn, J; Miller, K; Mazoyer, J; N'Diaye, M; Por, E; Pueyo, L; Riggs, AJE; Ruane, G; Sirbu, D; Snik, F; Wallace, JK; Wilby, M; Ygouf, M		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Jovanovic, Nemanja; Absil, Olivier; Baudoz, Pierre; Beaulieu, Mathilde; Bottom, Michael; Cady, Eric; Carlomagno, Brunella; Carlotti, Alexis; Doelman, David; Fogarty, Kevin; Galicher, Raphael; Guyon, Olivier; Haffert, Sebastiaan; Huby, Elsa; Jewell, Jeffrey; Keller, Christoph; Kenworthy, Matthew A.; Knight, Justin; Kuhn, Jonas; Miller, Kelsey; Mazoyer, Johan; N'Diaye, Mamadou; Por, Emiel; Pueyo, Laurent; Riggs, A. J. Eldorado; Ruane, Garreth; Sirbu, Dan; Snik, Frans; Wallace, J. Kent; Wilby, Michael; Ygouf, Marie			Review of high-contrast imaging systems for current and future ground-based and space-based telescopes II. Common path wavefront sensing/control and Coherent Differential Imaging	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Wavefront sensing; common path wavefront sensing; coherent differential imaging; high contrast imaging; exoplanets	PHASE	The Optimal Optical Coronagraph (OOC) Workshop held at the Lorentz Center in September 2017 in Leiden, the Netherlands, gathered a diverse group of 25 researchers working on exoplanet instrumentation to stimulate the emergence and sharing of new ideas. In this second installment of a series of three papers summarizing the outcomes of the OOC workshop (see also 1,2), we present an overview of common path wavefront sensing/control and Coherent Differential Imaging techniques, highlight the latest results, and expose their relative strengths and weaknesses. We layout critical milestones for the field with the aim of enhancing future ground/space based high contrast imaging platforms. Techniques like these will help to bridge the daunting contrast gap required to image a terrestrial planet in the zone where it can retain liquid water, in reflected light around a G type star from space.	[Jovanovic, Nemanja; Ruane, Garreth] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Absil, Olivier; Carlomagno, Brunella] Univ Liege, Space Sci Technol & Astrophys Res STAR Inst, 19C Allee Six Aout, B-4000 Liege, Belgium; [Baudoz, Pierre; Galicher, Raphael; Huby, Elsa; Riggs, A. J. Eldorado] UPMC Univ Paris 06, Sorbonne Paris Cite, Univ Paris Diderot,Observ Paris, PSL Res Univ,Sorbonne Univ,CNRS,LESIA, 5 Pl Jules Janssen, F-92190 Meudon, France; [Beaulieu, Mathilde; N'Diaye, Mamadou] Univ Cote Azur, CNRS, Observ Cote Azur, Lab Lagrange, Parc Valrose, F-06108 Nice, France; [Bottom, Michael; Cady, Eric; Jewell, Jeffrey; Wallace, J. Kent] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Carlotti, Alexis] IPAG, CNRS, F-38000 Grenoble, France; [Doelman, David; Haffert, Sebastiaan; Keller, Christoph; Kenworthy, Matthew A.; Por, Emiel; Snik, Frans; Wilby, Michael] Leiden Univ, Leiden Observ, POB 9513, NL-2300 RA Leiden, Netherlands; [Fogarty, Kevin; Mazoyer, Johan; Pueyo, Laurent] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Inst Nat Sci, Astrobiol Ctr, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo, Japan; [Guyon, Olivier; Knight, Justin; Miller, Kelsey] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Inst Nat Sci, Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Knight, Justin; Miller, Kelsey] Univ Arizona, Coll Opt Sci, 1630 E Univ Blvd, Tucson, AZ 85719 USA; [Kuhn, Jonas] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Inst Particle Phys & Astrophys, Wolfgang Pauli Str 27, CH-8093 Zurich, Switzerland; [Mazoyer, Johan] Johns Hopkins Univ, Zanvyl Krieger Sch Arts & Sci, Dept Phys & Astron, Bloomberg Ctr Phys & Astron, 3400 North Charles St, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Sirbu, Dan] NASA, Ames Res Ctr, Mountain View, CA 94035 USA; [Ygouf, Marie] CALTECH, IPAC, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Jovanovic, N (corresponding author), CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	jovanovic.nem@gmail.com	Ruane, Garreth/A-5997-2013; Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020; Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019; Kuhn, Jonas G/H-2338-2011	Ruane, Garreth/0000-0003-4769-1665; Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Kuhn, Jonas G/0000-0002-6344-4835; Mazoyer, Johan/0000-0002-9133-3091; Ygouf, Marie/0000-0001-7591-2731; Kenworthy, Matthew/0000-0002-7064-8270; Keller, Christoph/0000-0002-1368-841X	European Research Council under ERC Starting Grant [678194]	The authors would like to acknowledge the Lorentz Center for hosting and to a large extend funding the Optimal Optical Coronagraph workshop in Leiden 2017. Additional funding for the workshop was provided by the European Research Council under ERC Starting Grant agreement 678194 (FALCONER) granted to Frans Snik. This formed the platform where this work was carried out.		67	2	2	1	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107031U	10.1117/12.2314260			18	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300058		Green Accepted, Green Published			2020-09-09	
S	Lilley, SJ; Wizinowich, P; Mawet, D; Chun, M; Bond, CZ; Wallace, JK; Jovanovic, N; Delorme, JR; Jacobson, SM; Taheri, M; Vandenberg, A		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Lilley, Scott J.; Wizinowich, Peter; Mawet, Dimitri; Chun, Mark; Bond, Charlotte Z.; Wallace, James K.; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Delorme, Jacques-Robert; Jacobson, Shane M.; Taheri, Mojtaba; Vandenberg, Adam			Near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor for Keck adaptive optics: opto-mechanical design	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		AO; KPIC; near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor		A near-infrared, high order pyramid wavefront sensor will be implemented on the Keck telescope, with the aim of providing high resolution adaptive optics correction for the study of exoplanets around M-type stars and planet formation in obscured star forming regions. The pyramid wavefront sensor is designed to support adaptive optics correction of the light to an imaging vortex coronagraph and to a fiber injection unit that will feed a spectrograph. We present the opto-mechanical design of the near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor, the optical performance, and the alignment strategy. The challenges of designing the assembly, as well as a fiber injection unit, to fit into the limited available space on the Keck adaptive optics bench, will also be discussed.	[Lilley, Scott J.; Wizinowich, Peter] WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Hwy, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Delorme, Jacques-Robert] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 94425 USA; [Chun, Mark; Bond, Charlotte Z.; Jacobson, Shane M.] Univ Hawaii Manoa, Inst Astron, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Wallace, James K.] Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Taheri, Mojtaba] Natl Res Council Canada, 5071 West Saanich Rd, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada	Lilley, SJ (corresponding author), WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Hwy, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA.		Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020		National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1106391, AST-1611623]; Heising-Simons Foundation; W. M. Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation	The near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1611623. The camera used with the pyramid wavefront sensor is provided by Don Hall with support by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1106391. The fiber injection unit is supported by the Heising-Simons Foundation.; The W. M. Keck Observatory is operated as a scientific partnership among the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The Observatory was made possible by the generous financial support of the W. M. Keck Foundation.		10	1	1	0	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107033G	10.1117/12.2312838			13	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300107		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Lozi, J; Guyon, O; Jovanovic, N; Goebel, S; Pathak, P; Skaf, N; Sahoo, A; Norris, B; Martinache, F; N'Diaye, M; Mazin, B; Walter, AB; Tuthill, P; Kudo, T; Kawahara, H; Kotani, T; Ireland, M; Cvetojevic, N; Huby, E; Lacour, S; Vievard, S; Groff, TD; Chilcote, JK; Kasdin, J; Knight, J; Snik, F; Doelman, D; Minowa, Y; Clergeon, C; Takato, N; Tamura, M; Currie, T; Takami, H; Hayashi, M		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Lozi, Julien; Guyon, Olivier; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Goebel, Sean; Pathak, Prashant; Skaf, Nour; Sahoo, Ananya; Norris, Barnaby; Martinache, Frantz; N'Diaye, Mamadou; Mazin, Ben; Walter, Alex B.; Tuthill, Peter; Kudo, Tomoyuki; Kawahara, Hajime; Kotani, Takayuki; Ireland, Michael; Cvetojevic, Nick; Huby, Elsa; Lacour, Sylvestre; Vievard, Sebastien; Groff, Tyler D.; Chilcote, Jeffrey K.; Kasdin, Jeremy; Knight, Justin; Snik, Frans; Doelman, David; Minowa, Yosuke; Clergeon, Christophe; Takato, Naruhisa; Tamura, Motohide; Currie, Thayne; Takami, Hideki; Hayashi, Masa			SCExAO, an instrument with a dual purpose: perform cutting-edge science and develop new technologies	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Extreme Adaptive Optics; Coronagraphy; High-Contrast Imaging; Pyramid Wavefront Sensor; Polarimetry; MKID; Single-Mode Fiber Injection		The Subaru Coronagraphic Extreme Adaptive Optics (SCExAO) instrument is an extremely modular high contrast instrument installed on the Subaru telescope in Hawaii. SCExAO has a dual purpose. Its position in the northern hemisphere on a 8-meter telescope makes it a prime instrument for the detection and characterization of exoplanets and stellar environments over a large portion of the sky. In addition, SCExAO's unique design makes it the ideal instrument to test innovative technologies and algorithms quickly in a laboratory setup and subsequently deploy them on-sky. SCExAO benefits from a first stage of wavefront correction with the facility adaptive optics A0188, and splits the 600-2400 nm spectrum towards a variety of modules, in visible and near infrared, optimized for a large range of science cases. The integral field spectrograph CHARIS, with its J, H or K-band high-resolution mode or its broadband low-resolution mode, makes SCExAO a prime instrument for exoplanet detection and characterization. Here we report on the recent developments and scientific results of the SCExAO instrument. Recent upgrades were performed on a number of modules, like the visible polarimetric module VAMPIRES, the high-performance infrared coronagraphs, various wavefront control algorithms, as well as the real-time controller of A0188. The newest addition is the 20k-pixel Microwave Kinetic Inductance Detector (MKIDS) Exoplanet Camera (MEC) that will allow for previously unexplored science and technology developments. MEC, coupled with novel photon-counting speckle control, brings SCExAO closer to the final design of future high-contrast instruments optimized for Giant Segmented Mirror Telescopes (GSMTs).	[Lozi, Julien; Guyon, Olivier; Goebel, Sean; Pathak, Prashant; Skaf, Nour; Sahoo, Ananya; Kudo, Tomoyuki; Vievard, Sebastien; Minowa, Yosuke; Clergeon, Christophe; Takato, Naruhisa; Currie, Thayne] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Guyon, Olivier; Knight, Justin] Univ Arizona, Ctr Opt Sci, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr,MS 183-901, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Guyon, Olivier; Vievard, Sebastien] NINS, Astrobiol Ctr, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Jovanovic, Nemanja] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Goebel, Sean] Univ Hawaii, Inst Astron, 640 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Pathak, Prashant; Sahoo, Ananya] Sokendai, Grad Univ Adv Studies, Hayama, Shonankokusaimu 2400193, Japan; [Norris, Barnaby; Tuthill, Peter] Macquarie Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, N Ryde, NSW 2109, Australia; [Martinache, Frantz; N'Diaye, Mamadou] Univ Cote Azur, Observ Cote Azur, CNRS, Lab Lagrange, 96 Blvd Observ, F-06300 Nice, France; [Mazin, Ben; Walter, Alex B.] Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA; [Kawahara, Hajime] Univ Tokyo, Bunkyo Ku, Tokyo, Hongo 1138654, Japan; [Kotani, Takayuki; Tamura, Motohide; Takami, Hideki; Hayashi, Masa] Natl Astron Observ Japan, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Ireland, Michael] Australian Natl Univ, Canberra, ACT 0200, Australia; [Cvetojevic, Nick; Huby, Elsa; Lacour, Sylvestre; Vievard, Sebastien] Observ Paris, LESIA, 5 Pl Jules Janssen, F-92190 Meudon, France; [Groff, Tyler D.] Goddard Space Flight Ctr, 8800 Greenbelt Rd, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Chilcote, Jeffrey K.] Stanford Univ, 450 Serra Mall, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Kasdin, Jeremy] Princeton Univ, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Snik, Frans; Doelman, David] Leiden Univ, Leiden Observ, POB 9513, NL-2300 RA Leiden, Netherlands	Lozi, J (corresponding author), Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA.	lozi@naoj.org	Clergeon, Christophe/AAL-8957-2020; Norris, Barnaby Richard/AAG-1314-2020; Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019	Norris, Barnaby Richard/0000-0002-8352-7515; Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Walter, Alex B/0000-0002-4427-4551	Japan Society for the Promotion of ScienceMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of Science [23340051, 26220704, 23103002]; Astrobiology Center of the National Institutes of Natural Sciences, Japan; ERCEuropean Research Council (ERC) [CoG - 683029]; Mt Cuba Foundation; directors contingency fund at Subaru Telescope	The development of SCExAO was supported by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (Grant-in-Aid for Research #23340051, #26220704 & #23103002), the Astrobiology Center of the National Institutes of Natural Sciences, Japan, the Mt Cuba Foundation and the directors contingency fund at Subaru Telescope. F. Martinache's work is supported by the ERC award CoG - 683029. The authors wish to recognize and acknowledge the very significant cultural role and reverence that the summit of Maunakea has always had within the indigenous Hawaiian community. We are most fortunate to have the opportunity to conduct observations from this mountain.		21	2	2	2	6	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070359	10.1117/12.2314282			12	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300158		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Lu, JR; Chun, M; Ammons, SM; Bundy, K; Dekany, R; Do, T; Gavel, D; Kassis, M; Lai, O; Martin, CL; Max, C; Steidel, C; Wang, L; Westfall, K; Wizinowich, P		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Lu, J. R.; Chun, M.; Ammons, S. M.; Bundy, K.; Dekany, R.; Do, T.; Gavel, D.; Kassis, M.; Lai, O.; Martin, C. L.; Max, C.; Steidel, C.; Wang, L.; Westfall, K.; Wizinowich, P.			Ground Layer Adaptive Optics for the W. M. Keck Observatory: Feasibility Study	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		adaptive optics; ground layer		Ground-layer adaptive optics (GLAO) systems offer the possibility of improving the "seeing" of large ground-based telescopes and increasing the efficiency and sensitivity of observations over a wide field-of-view. We explore the utility and feasibility of deploying a GLAO system at the W. M. Keck Observatory in order to feed existing and future multi-object spectrographs and wide-field imagers. We also briefly summarize science cases spanning exoplanets to high-redshift galaxy evolution that would benefit from a Keck GLAO system. Initial simulations indicate that a Keck GLAO system would deliver a 1.5x and 2x improvement in FWHM at optical (500 nm) and infrared (1.5 mu m), respectively. The infrared instrument, MOSFIRE, is ideally suited for a Keck GLAO feed in that it has excellent image quality and is on the telescope's optical axis. However, it lacks an atmospheric dispersion compensator, which would limit the minimum usable slit size for long-exposure science cases. Similarly, while LRIS and DEIMOS may be able to accept a GLAO feed based on their internal image quality, they lack either an atmospheric dispersion compensator (DEIMOS) or flexure compensation (LRIS) to utilize narrower slits matched to the GLAO image quality. However, some science cases needing shorter exposures may still benefit from Keck GLAO and we will investigate the possibility of installing an ADC.	[Lu, J. R.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Astron Dept, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Chun, M.] Univ Hawaii, Inst Astron, Manoa, HI USA; [Ammons, S. M.] Lawrence Livermore Natl Lab, Livermore, CA USA; [Bundy, K.; Gavel, D.; Max, C.] Univ Calif Observ, Mt Hamilton, CA USA; [Dekany, R.] CALTECH, Caltech Opt Observ, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Do, T.] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA USA; [Max, C.; Westfall, K.] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Kassis, M.; Wizinowich, P.] WM Keck Observ, Waimea, HI USA; [Lai, O.] CNRS, Observ Cote Azur, Paris, France; [Martin, C. L.] Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA; [Steidel, C.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wang, L.] Thirty Meter Telescope, Mauna Kea, HI USA	Lu, JR (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Astron Dept, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	jlu.astro@berkeley.edu		Steidel, Charles/0000-0002-4834-7260	W. M. Keck Observatory; University of CaliforniaUniversity of California System	We acknowledge funding from the W. M. Keck Observatory and the University of California Observatories to support the development of a GLAO concept for the Keck telescopes.		15	0	0	0	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107030N	10.1117/12.2314417			8	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300020		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Macintosh, B; Chilcote, JK; Bailey, VP; De Rosa, R; Nielsen, E; Norton, A; Poyneer, L; Wang, J; Ruffio, JB; Graham, JR; Marois, C; Savransky, D; Veran, JP		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Macintosh, Bruce; Chilcote, Jeffrey K.; Bailey, Vanessa P.; De Rosa, Rob; Nielsen, Eric; Norton, Andrew; Poyneer, Lisa; Wang, Jason; Ruffio, J. B.; Graham, J. R.; Marois, Christian; Savransky, Dmitry; Veran, Jean-Pierre			The Gemini Planet Imager: Looking back over five years and forward to the future	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		adaptive optics; extrasolar planets; coronagraph	PHOTOMETRY; ASTROMETRY	The Gemini Planet Imager (GPI), a coronagraphic adaptive optics instrument designed for spectroscopy of extrasolar planets, had first light in 2013[13]. After five years, GPI has observed more than 500 stars, producing an extensive library of science images and associated telemetry that can be analyzed to determine performance predictors. We will present a summary of on-sky performance and lessons learned. The two most significant factors determining bright star contrast performance are atmospheric coherence time and the presence of dome seeing. With a possible move to Gemini North, we are planning potential upgrades including a pyramid-sensor based AO system with predictive control; we will summarize upgrade options and the science they would enable.	[Macintosh, Bruce; Chilcote, Jeffrey K.; Nielsen, Eric; Norton, Andrew; Ruffio, J. B.] Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Chilcote, Jeffrey K.] Univ Notre Dame, Dept Phys, 225 Nieuwland Sci Hall, Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA; [Bailey, Vanessa P.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [De Rosa, Rob; Wang, Jason; Graham, J. R.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Poyneer, Lisa] Lawrence Livermore Natl Lab, 7000 East Ave, Livermore, CA 94551 USA; [Marois, Christian; Veran, Jean-Pierre] Natl Res Council Canada Herzberg, 5071 West Saanich Rd, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada; [Savransky, Dmitry] Cornell Univ, Sibley Sch Mech & Aerosp Engn, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA	Macintosh, B (corresponding author), Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA.		Bailey, Vanessa P/H-2247-2018; Savransky, Dmitry/M-1298-2014	Bailey, Vanessa P/0000-0002-5407-2806; Savransky, Dmitry/0000-0002-8711-7206; Veran, Jean-Pierre/0000-0001-5613-6976				24	2	2	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107030K	10.1117/12.2314253			9	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300017					2020-09-09	
S	Madurowicz, A; Macintosh, BA; Ruffio, JB; Chilcote, J; Bailey, VP; Poyneer, L; Nielsen, E; Norton, AP		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Madurowicz, Alexander; Macintosh, Bruce A.; Ruffio, Jean-Baptiste; Chilcote, Jeffery; Bailey, Vanessa P.; Poyneer, Lisa; Nielsen, Eric; Norton, Andrew P.			Characterization of lemniscate atmospheric aberrations in Gemini Planet Imager data	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope				A semi analytic framework for simulating the effects of atmospheric seeing in Adaptive Optics systems on an 8-m telescope is developed with the intention of understanding the origin of the wind-butterfly, a characteristic two lobed halo in the PSF of AO imaging. Simulations show that errors in the compensated phase on the aperture due to servo-lag have preferential direction orthogonal to the direction of wind propagation which, when Fourier Transformed into the image plane, appear with their characteristic lemniscate shape along the wind direction. We develop a metric to quantify the effect of this aberration with the fractional standard deviation in an annulus centered around the PSF, and use telescope pointing to correlate this effect with data from an atmospheric models, the NOAA GFS. Our results show that the jet stream at altitudes of 100-200 hPa (equivalently 10-15 km above sea level) is highly correlated (13.2u) with the strong butterfly, while the ground wind and other layers are more or less uncorrelated.	[Madurowicz, Alexander; Macintosh, Bruce A.; Ruffio, Jean-Baptiste; Chilcote, Jeffery; Nielsen, Eric; Norton, Andrew P.] Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Bailey, Vanessa P.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Poyneer, Lisa] Lawrence Livermore Natl Lab, Livermore, CA 94550 USA	Madurowicz, A (corresponding author), Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA.	amaduro@stanford.edu	Bailey, Vanessa P/H-2247-2018	Bailey, Vanessa P/0000-0002-5407-2806				12	2	2	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107036E	10.1117/12.2314267			13	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300189					2020-09-09	
S	Males, JR; Close, LM; Millera, K; Schatz, L; Doelman, D; Lumbresa, J; Snik, F; Rodacka, A; Knight, J; Van Gorkom, K; Long, JD; Hedglen, A; Kautz, M; Jovanovic, N; Morzinski, K; Guyon, O; Douglas, E; Follette, KB; Lozi, J; Bohlman, C; Durney, O; Gasho, V; Hinz, P; Ireland, M; Jean, M; Keller, C; Kenworthy, M; Mazin, B; Noenickx, J; Alfred, D; Perez, K; Sanchez, A; Sauve, C; Weinberger, A; Conrad, A		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Males, Jared R.; Close, Laird M.; Millera, Kelsey; Schatz, Lauren; Doelman, David; Lumbresa, Jennifer; Snik, Frans; Rodacka, Alex; Knight, Justin; Van Gorkom, Kyle; Long, Joseph D.; Hedglen, Alex; Kautz, Maggie; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Morzinski, Katie; Guyon, Olivier; Douglas, Ewan; Follette, Katherine B.; Lozi, Julien; Bohlman, Chris; Durney, Olivier; Gasho, Victor; Hinz, Phil; Ireland, Michael; Jean, Madison; Keller, Christoph; Kenworthy, Matt; Mazin, Ben; Noenickx, Jamison; Alfred, Dan; Perez, Kevin; Sanchez, Anna; Sauve, Corwynn; Weinberger, Alycia; Conrad, Al			MagAO-X: project status and first laboratory results	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		adaptive optics; wavefront sensing; wavefront control; coronagraphs; high contrast imaging; exoplanets	PERFORMANCE	MagAO-X is an entirely new extreme adaptive optics system for the Magellan Clay 6.5 m telescope, funded by the NSF MRI program starting in Sep 2016. The key science goal of MagAO-X is high-contrast imaging of accreting protoplanets at H alpha. With 2040 actuators operating at up to 3630 Hz, MagAO-X will deliver high Strehls (> 70%), high resolution (19 mas), and high contrast (< 1 x 10(-4)) at H alpha (656 nm). We present an overview of the MagAO-X system, review the system design, and discuss the current project status.	[Males, Jared R.; Close, Laird M.; Millera, Kelsey; Schatz, Lauren; Lumbresa, Jennifer; Rodacka, Alex; Knight, Justin; Van Gorkom, Kyle; Long, Joseph D.; Hedglen, Alex; Kautz, Maggie; Morzinski, Katie; Guyon, Olivier; Bohlman, Chris; Durney, Olivier; Gasho, Victor; Hinz, Phil; Jean, Madison; Noenickx, Jamison; Alfred, Dan; Perez, Kevin; Sanchez, Anna; Sauve, Corwynn] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Millera, Kelsey; Schatz, Lauren; Lumbresa, Jennifer; Rodacka, Alex; Knight, Justin; Van Gorkom, Kyle; Hedglen, Alex; Kautz, Maggie; Guyon, Olivier; Jean, Madison] Univ Arizona, Coll Opt Sci, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Doelman, David; Snik, Frans; Keller, Christoph; Kenworthy, Matt] Leiden Univ, Sterrewacht Leiden, Leiden, Netherlands; [Jovanovic, Nemanja] CALTECH, Opt Observ, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Guyon, Olivier; Lozi, Julien] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, Mitaka, Tokyo, Japan; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Inst Nat Sci, Astrobiol Ctr, Tokyo, Japan; [Douglas, Ewan] MIT, Dept Aeronaut & Astronaut, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Follette, Katherine B.] Amherst Coll, Phys & Astron Dept, Amherst, MA 01002 USA; [Ireland, Michael] Australian Natl Univ, Canberra, ACT, Australia; [Mazin, Ben] Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Dept Phys, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA; [Weinberger, Alycia] Carnegie Inst Sci, Dept Terr Magnetism, Washington, DC 20005 USA; [Conrad, Al] Large Binocular Telescope Observ, Safford, AZ USA	Males, JR (corresponding author), Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA.	jrmales@email.arizona.edu	Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Morzinski, Katie/0000-0002-1384-0063; Douglas, Ewan/0000-0002-0813-4308; Weinberger, Alycia/0000-0001-6654-7859	NSF MRI AwardNational Science Foundation (NSF)NSF - Office of the Director (OD) [1625441]	We are very grateful for support from the NSF MRI Award #1625441 (MagAO-X).		43	5	5	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070309	10.1117/12.2312992			14	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300007		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Mawet, D; Bond, CZ; Delorme, JR; Jovanovic, N; Cetre, S; Chun, M; Echeverri, D; Hall, D; Lilley, S; Wallace, JK; Wizinowich, P		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Mawet, D.; Bond, C. Z.; Delorme, J. -R.; Jovanovic, N.; Cetre, S.; Chun, M.; Echeverri, D.; Hall, D.; Lilley, S.; Wallace, J. K.; Wizinowich, P.			Keck Planet Imager and Characterizer: status update	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Exoplanets; high contrast imaging; high contrast high resolution spectroscopy; small inner working angle coronagraphy; vortex coronagraph; on-axis segmented telescopes; apodization; Extremely Large Telescopes	MASS	Here we report on the status of the The Keck Planet Imager and Characterizer (KPIC), which is an on-going series of upgrades to the W.M. Keck II adaptive optics system and instrument suite focused on exoplanet imaging and spectroscopic characterization. The KPIC infrared pyramid wavefront sensor and fiber injection unit to high-resolution infrared spectrograph NIRSPEC have been assembled, integrated and are under-going tests at the University of Hawaii before installation at the Summit in the Fall of 2018.	[Mawet, D.; Delorme, J. -R.; Jovanovic, N.; Echeverri, D.] CALTECH, Dept Astron, Pasadena, CA 91106 USA; [Mawet, D.; Wallace, J. K.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Bond, C. Z.; Chun, M.; Hall, D.] WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Hwy, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA; [Cetre, S.; Lilley, S.; Wizinowich, P.] Univ Hawaii, Inst Astron, 640 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA	Mawet, D (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Astron, Pasadena, CA 91106 USA.; Mawet, D (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	dmawet@astro.caltech.edu	Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020		National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1106391]; Heising-Simons Foundation	The near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1611623. The camera used with the pyramid wavefront sensor is provided by Don Hall with support by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1106391. The fiber injection unit is supported by the Heising-Simons Foundation.		30	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070306	10.1117/12.2314037			7	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300005		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Miller, K; Males, JR; Guyon, O; Close, LM; Doelman, D; Snik, F; Por, E; Wilby, MJ; Bohlman, C; Lumbres, J; Van Gorkom, K; Kautz, M; Rodack, A; Knight, J; Jovanovic, N; Morzinski, K; Schatz, L		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Miller, Kelsey; Males, Jared R.; Guyon, Olivier; Close, Laird M.; Doelman, David; Snik, Frans; Por, Emiel; Wilby, Michael J.; Bohlman, Chris; Lumbres, Jennifer; Van Gorkom, Kyle; Kautz, Maggie; Rodack, Alexander; Knight, Justin; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Morzinski, Katie; Schatz, Lauren			Focal plane wavefront sensing and control strategies for high-contrast imaging on the MagAO-X instrument	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		direct exoplanet imaging; high-contrast imaging; modal wavefront sensing (MWFS); wavefront control; low-order wavefront sensing (LOWFS); spatial linear dark field control (LDFC); vector apodizing phase plate (vAPP); MagAO-X		The Magellan extreme adaptive optics (MagAO-X) instrument is a new extreme adaptive optics (ExAO) system designed for operation in the visible to near-IR which will deliver high contrast-imaging capabilities. The main AO system will be driven by a pyramid wavefront sensor (PyWFS); however, to mitigate the impact of quasi-static and non-common path (NCP) aberrations, focal plane wavefront sensing (FPWFS) in the form of low-order wavefront sensing (LOWFS) and spatial linear dark field control (LDFC) will be employed behind a vector apodizing phase plate (vAPP) coronagraph using rejected starlight at an intermediate focal plane. These techniques will allow for continuous high-contrast imaging performance at the raw contrast level delivered by the vAPP coronagraph (similar to 6 x 10(-5)). We present simulation results for LOWFS and spatial LDFC with a vAPP coronagraph, as well as laboratory results for both algorithms implemented with a vAPP coronagraph at the University of Arizona Extreme Wavefront Control Lab.	[Miller, Kelsey; Males, Jared R.; Guyon, Olivier; Close, Laird M.; Bohlman, Chris; Lumbres, Jennifer; Van Gorkom, Kyle; Kautz, Maggie; Rodack, Alexander; Knight, Justin; Morzinski, Katie; Schatz, Lauren] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Miller, Kelsey; Guyon, Olivier; Lumbres, Jennifer; Van Gorkom, Kyle; Kautz, Maggie; Rodack, Alexander; Knight, Justin; Schatz, Lauren] Univ Arizona, Coll Opt Sci, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Inst Nat Sci, Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Astrobiol Ctr, Natl Inst Nat Sci, Mitaka, Tokyo, Japan; [Doelman, David; Snik, Frans; Por, Emiel; Wilby, Michael J.] Leiden Univ, Leiden Observ, Leiden, Netherlands; [Jovanovic, Nemanja] CALTECH, Caltech Opt Observ, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Miller, K (corresponding author), Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA.; Miller, K (corresponding author), Univ Arizona, Coll Opt Sci, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA.		Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Morzinski, Katie/0000-0002-1384-0063	NSF MRI AwardNational Science Foundation (NSF)NSF - Office of the Director (OD) [1625441]	This work was supported [in part] by NSF MRI Award #1625441 (MagAO-X).		10	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107031T	10.1117/12.2312809			17	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300057		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Milli, J; Kasper, M; Bourget, P; Pannetier, C; Mouillet, D; Sauvage, JF; Reyes, C; Fusco, T; Cantalloube, F; Tristram, K; Wahhaj, Z; Beuzit, JL; Girard, JH; Mawet, D; Telle, A; Vigan, A; N'Diaye, M		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Milli, J.; Kasper, M.; Bourget, P.; Pannetier, C.; Mouillet, D.; Sauvage, J. -F.; Reyes, C.; Fusco, T.; Cantalloube, F.; Tristram, K.; Wahhaj, Z.; Beuzit, J. -L.; Girard, J. H.; Mawet, D.; Telle, A.; Vigan, A.; N'Diaye, M.			Low Wind Effect on VLT/SPHERE : impact, mitigation strategy, and results	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Low Wind Effect; SPHERE; Radiative Cooling; Spiders; Island Effect	AO SYSTEM	The low wind effect is a phenomenon disturbing the phase of the wavefront in the pupil of a large telescope obstructed by spiders, in the absence of wind. It can be explained by the radiative cooling of the spiders, creating air temperature inhomogeneities across the pupil. Because it is unseen by traditional adaptive optics (AO) systems, thus uncorrected, it significantly degrades the quality of AO-corrected images. We provide a statistical analysis of the strength of this effect as seen by VLT/SPHERE after 4 years of operations. We analyse its dependence upon the wind and temperature conditions. We describe the mitigation strategy implemented in 2017: a specific coating with low thermal emissivity in the mid-infrared was applied on the spiders of Unit Telescope 3. We quantify the improvement in terms of image quality, contrast and wave front error using both focal plane images and measured phase maps.	[Milli, J.; Bourget, P.; Pannetier, C.; Reyes, C.; Tristram, K.; Wahhaj, Z.] ESO, Alonso Cordova 3107,Casilla 19001, Santiago, Chile; [Mouillet, D.] Univ Grenoble Alpes, IPAG, F-38000 Grenoble, France; [Kasper, M.; Beuzit, J. -L.] ESO, Karl Schwarzschild Str 2, D-85748 Garching, Germany; [Sauvage, J. -F.; Fusco, T.; Vigan, A.] Aix Marseille Univ, CNRS, UMR 7326, LAM, F-13388 Marseille, France; [Sauvage, J. -F.; Fusco, T.] Off Natl Etud & Rech Aerosp, BP72,29 Ave Div Leclerc, F-92322 Chatillon, France; [Cantalloube, F.] Max Planck Inst Astron, Konigstuhl 17, D-69117 Heidelberg, Germany; [Girard, J. H.] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Mawet, D.] CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd,MC 249-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Mawet, D.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Telle, A.] ACM Coatings GmbH, Rudelsburgpromenade 20c, D-06628 Naumburg Bad Kosen, Germany; [N'Diaye, M.] Univ Cote Azur, Observ Cote Azur, CNRS, Lab Lagrange, Bd Observ,CS 34229, F-06304 Nice 4, France	Milli, J (corresponding author), ESO, Alonso Cordova 3107,Casilla 19001, Santiago, Chile.	jmilli@eso.org	Girard, Julien/Q-4917-2019	Girard, Julien/0000-0001-8627-0404; Vigan, Arthur/0000-0002-5902-7828				24	2	2	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107032A	10.1117/12.2311499			20	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300074		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Roberts, LC; Block, G; Fregoso, S; Herzog, H; Meeker, SR; Roberts, JE; Rodriguez, J; Tesch, J; Truong, T		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Roberts, Lewis C., Jr.; Block, Gary; Fregoso, Santos; Herzog, Harrison; Meeker, Seth R.; Roberts, Jennifer E.; Rodriguez, Joshua; Tesch, Jonathan; Tuan Truong			A Laser Communication Adaptive Optics System as a Testbed for Extreme Adaptive Optics	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Laser Communication; Adaptive Optics		The Integrated Optical System (IOS) is an extreme adaptive optics system designed for NASA's Laser Communication Relay Demonstration mission. There is a great deal of overlap between the requirements for laser communication AO and high-contrast exoplanet imaging AO systems. Both require very high Strehl ratios with narrow fields of view. This overlap allows the IOS to serve as a testbed and technology demonstrator for astronomical extreme adaptive optics systems. There are several example technologies from the IOS that are already making the transition to astronomical AO systems. The first is that the real time controller based on Direct Memory Access transfer between the WFS camera link frame-grabber and a DSP board is being reused on the upgrade to PALM-3000 AO system at Palomar Observatory. This enables the system to minimize latency by bypassing the CPU and its inherent timing jitter. Technologies like this will be crucial to enabling high contrast imaging on the next generation of extremely large telescopes. In addition, the IOS measures Fried's parameter from wavefraont measures in near real time. This technology has already been deployed to PALM-3000. The main function of Laser Communication AO systems is to couple the incoming light into single mode fiber. This is the same con figuration that will be used by AO coupled radial velocity spectrographs. The adaptive optics system is a woofer/tweeter design, with one deformable mirror correcting for low spatial frequencies with large amplitude and a second deformable mirror correcting for high spatial frequencies with small amplitude. The system uses a Shack-Hartmann wavefront sensor. The system has achieved first light and is undergoing commissioning. We will present an overview of the system design and initial performance.	[Roberts, Lewis C., Jr.; Block, Gary; Fregoso, Santos; Herzog, Harrison; Meeker, Seth R.; Roberts, Jennifer E.; Rodriguez, Joshua; Tesch, Jonathan; Tuan Truong] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Roberts, LC (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	lewis.c.roberts@jpl.nasa.gov						22	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107031S	10.1117/12.2314304			9	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300056					2020-09-09	
S	Roberts, LC; Prada, CM; Shelton, JC; Meeker, SR; Yao, L; Wu, YQ; Wu, XT		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Roberts, Lewis C., Jr.; Prada, Camilo Mejia; Shelton, J. Chris; Meeker, Seth R.; Yao, Li; Wu, Yuqian; Wu, Xingtao			Testing and Characterization of Deformable Mirrors	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Deformable Mirror; Adaptive Optics		Deformable mirrors are at the heart of any adaptive optics system. We present the results of tests of deformable mirrors from Microscale. One of the key innovations of these deformable mirrors is that the facesheet is created from a silicon on insulator (SOI) wafer with integral posts for mechanical linkage to the actuators. This dramatically reduces the variability of the influence function. The facesheet is bonded to an array of piezoelectric stack actuators. The actuators are currently PZT, but single crystal PMN actuators are being developed. We present results of optical and electrical tests of the performance of the DM.	[Roberts, Lewis C., Jr.; Prada, Camilo Mejia; Shelton, J. Chris; Meeker, Seth R.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Yao, Li; Wu, Yuqian; Wu, Xingtao] Microscale Inc, 800 West Cummings Pk,Suite 3350, Woburn, MA USA	Roberts, LC (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	lewis.c.roberts@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	Portions of this research were carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).		6	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070375	10.1117/12.2314296			6	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300208					2020-09-09	
S	Rodack, AT; Males, JR; Guyon, O; Mazin, BA; Fitzgerald, MP; Mawet, D		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Rodack, Alexander T.; Males, Jared R.; Guyon, Olivier; Mazin, Benjamin A.; Fitzgerald, Michael P.; Mawet, Dimitri			Real-time estimation and correction of quasi-static aberrations in ground-based high contrast imaging systems with high frame-rates	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		High contrast imaging; Extreme adaptive optics; Active speckle control; Quasi-static speckles; Exoplanets		The success of ground-based, high contrast imaging for the detection of exoplanets in part depends on the ability to differentiate between quasi-static speckles caused by aberrations not corrected by adaptive optics (AO) systems, known as non-common path aberrations (NCPAs), and the planet intensity signal. Frazin (ApJ, 2013) introduced a post-processing algorithm demonstrating that simultaneous millisecond exposures in the science camera and wavefront sensor (WFS) can be used with a statistical inference procedure to determine both the series expanded NCPA coefficients and the planetary signal. We demonstrate, via simulation, that using this algorithm in a closed-loop AO system, real-time estimation and correction of the quasi-static NCPA is possible without separate deformable mirror (DM) probes. Thus the use of this technique allows for the removal of the quasi-static speckles that can be mistaken for planetary signals without the need for new optical hardware, improving the efficiency of ground-based exoplanet detection. In our simulations, we explore the behavior of the Frazin Algorithm (FA) and the dependence of its convergence to an accurate estimate on factors such as Strehl ratio, NCPA strength, and number of algorithm search basis functions. We then apply this knowledge to simulate running the algorithm in real-time in a nearly ideal setting. We then discuss adaptations that can be made to the algorithm to improve its real-time performance, and show their efficacy in simulation. A final simulation tests the technique's resilience against imperfect knowledge of the AO residual phase, motivating an analysis of the feasibility of using this technique in a real closed-loop Extreme AO system such as SCExAO or MagAO-X, in terms of computational complexity and the accuracy of the estimated quasi-static NCPA correction.	[Rodack, Alexander T.; Guyon, Olivier] Univ Arizona, Coll Opt Sci, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Rodack, Alexander T.; Males, Jared R.; Guyon, Olivier] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Inst Nat Sci, Subaru Telescope, Natl Observ Japan, Hilo, HI USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Inst Nat Sci, Astrobiol Ctr, Mitaka, Tokyo, Japan; [Mazin, Benjamin A.] Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Dept Phys, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA; [Fitzgerald, Michael P.] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Phys & Astron, Pasadena, CA USA; [Mawet, Dimitri] CALTECH, Dept Astron, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri] NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA	Rodack, AT (corresponding author), Univ Arizona, Coll Opt Sci, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA.; Rodack, AT (corresponding author), Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA.		Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019; Fitzgerald, Michael/C-2642-2009	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Fitzgerald, Michael/0000-0002-0176-8973	NSF ATI Award [1710356]; NSF MRI AwardNational Science Foundation (NSF)NSF - Office of the Director (OD) [1625441]	This work was supported in part by NSF ATI Award #1710356 and by NSF MRI Award #1625441. The authors would also like to thank Dr. Richard A. Frazin for his work developing the base algorithm and his support in our endeavors.		6	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107032N	10.1117/12.2312218			10	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300085		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Sahoo, A; Guyon, O; Clergeon, CS; Skaf, N; Minowa, Y; Lozi, J; Jovanovic, N; Martinanche, F		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Sahoo, Ananya; Guyon, Olivier; Clergeon, Christophe S.; Skaf, Nour; Minowa, Yosuke; Lozi, Julien; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Martinanche, Frantz			Subaru Coronagraphic Extreme-AO (SCExAO) Wavefront Control: Current Status and Ongoing Developments	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		adaptive optics; exoplanet; wavefront sensors; astronomical instrumentations; wavefront control	ADAPTIVE OPTICS	Exoplanet imaging requires excellent wavefront correction and calibration. At the Subaru telescope this is achieved using the 188-element facility adaptive optics system(A0188) feeding the Subaru Coronagraphic Extreme Adaptive Optics (SCExAO) instrument; a multipurpose instrument built to deliver high contrast images of planets and disks around nearby stars. A0188 offers coarse correction while SCExAO performs fine correction and calibration of 1000 modes. The full system achieves 90%Strehl Ratio in H-band and diffraction limited images. A new Real Time Computer allowing higher performance between SCExAO and A0188 is currently implemented. Future upgrades will include a new Pyramid Wavefront Sensor and (64x64) DM to achieve extreme AO correction inside A0188. We are progressing in the development of predictive control and sensor fusion algorithms across the system to improve performance and calibration. With the new upgrades, SCExAO will be able to image giant plan-ets in reflected light with Subaru and validate technologies necessary to image habitable Earth-like planets with the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT).	[Sahoo, Ananya; Guyon, Olivier; Clergeon, Christophe S.; Skaf, Nour; Minowa, Yosuke; Lozi, Julien] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Sahoo, Ananya] SOKENDAI, Dept Astron Sci, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Jovanovic, Nemanja] CALTECH, Opt Observ, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Martinanche, Frantz] Observ Cote Azur, 96 Blvd Observ, F-06300 Nice, France; [Guyon, Olivier] Univ Arizona, Ctr Opt Sci, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr,MS 183-901, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] NINS, Astrobiol Ctr, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan	Sahoo, A (corresponding author), Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA.; Sahoo, A (corresponding author), SOKENDAI, Dept Astron Sci, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan.		Clergeon, Christophe/AAL-8957-2020; Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908				11	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070350	10.1117/12.2314333			6	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300151		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Salama, M; Ou, J; Baranec, C; Liu, MC; Bowler, BP; Riddle, R; Duev, D; Hall, D; Atkinson, D; Goebel, S; Chun, M; Jacobson, S; Lockhart, C; Warmbier, E; Kulkarni, S; Law, NM		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Salama, Maissa; Ou, James; Baranec, Christoph; Liu, Michael C.; Bowler, Brendan P.; Riddle, Reed; Duev, Dmitry; Hall, Donald; Atkinson, Dani; Goebel, Sean; Chun, Mark; Jacobson, Shane; Lockhart, Charles; Warmbier, Eric; Kulkarni, Shrinivas; Law, Nicholas M.			LASSO: Large Adaptive optics Survey for Substellar Objects using the new SAPHIRA detector on Robo-AO	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		adaptive optics; IR camera; SAPHIRA; low-mass stars; exoplanets; brown dwarfs		We report on initial results from the largest infrared AO direct imaging survey searching for wide orbit (greater than or similar to 100 AU) massive exoplanets and brown dwarfs as companions around young nearby stars using Robo-AO at the 2.1-m telescope on Kitt Peak, Arizona. The occurrence rates of these rare substellar companions are critical to furthering our understanding of the origin of planetary-mass companions on wide orbits. The observing efficiency of Robo-AO allows us to conduct a survey an order of magnitude larger than previously possible. We commissioned a low-noise high-speed SAPHIRA near-infrared camera to conduct this survey and report on its sensitivity, performance, and data reduction process.	[Salama, Maissa; Ou, James; Liu, Michael C.] Univ Hawaii Manoa, Inst Astron, Honolulu, HI 96822 USA; [Baranec, Christoph; Hall, Donald; Atkinson, Dani; Goebel, Sean; Chun, Mark; Jacobson, Shane; Lockhart, Charles; Warmbier, Eric] Univ Hawaii Manoa, Inst Astron, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Bowler, Brendan P.] Univ Texas Austin, Dept Astron, RLM 15308, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Riddle, Reed; Duev, Dmitry; Kulkarni, Shrinivas] CALTECH, Dept Astrophys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Law, Nicholas M.] Univ N Carolina, Dept Phys & Astron, Chapel Hill, NC 27599 USA	Salama, M (corresponding author), Univ Hawaii Manoa, Inst Astron, Honolulu, HI 96822 USA.	msalama@ifa.hawaii.edu	Duev, Dmitry/AAI-9214-2020	Duev, Dmitry/0000-0001-5060-8733	John Templeton Foundation; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-0906060, AST-0960343, AST-1207891]; Mt. Cuba Astronomical Foundation	Robo-AO KP is a partnership between the California Institute of Technology, the University of Hawai'i, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics, and the National Central University, Taiwan. Robo-AO KP is supported by a grant from Sudha Murty, Narayan Murthy, and Rohan Murty, and by a grant from the John Templeton Foundation. The Robo-AO instrument was developed with support from the National Science Foundation under grants AST-0906060, AST-0960343, and AST-1207891, the Mt. Cuba Astronomical Foundation, and by a gift from Samuel Oschin. Based (in part) on observations at Kitt Peak National Observatory, National Optical Astronomy Observatory (NOAO Prop. ID: 15B-3001), which is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA) under cooperative agreement with the National Science Foundation.		16	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070307	10.1117/12.2313885			10	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300006		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Savransky, D; Shapiro, J; Bailey, V; De Rosa, R; Wang, J; Ruffio, JB; Nielsen, E; Tallis, M; Perrin, M		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Savransky, Dmitry; Shapiro, Jacob; Bailey, Vanessa; De Rosa, Robert; Wang, Jason; Ruffio, Jean-Baptiste; Nielsen, Eric; Tallis, Melisa; Perrin, Marshall			Mining the GPIES database	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		GPIES; GPI; exoplanet imaging; high contrast imaging; adaptive optics; databases; data mining		The Gemini Planet Imager Exoplanet Survey (GPIES) is a direct imaging campaign designed to search for new, young, self-luminous, giant exoplanet. To date, GPIES has observed nearly 500 targets, and generated over 30,000 individual exposures using its integral field spectrograph (IFS) instrument. The GPIES team has developed a campaign data system that includes a database incorporating all of the metadata collected along with all individual raw data products, including environmental conditions and instrument performance metrics. In addition to the raw data, the same database also indexes metadata associated with multiple levels of reduced data products, including contrast measures for individual images and combined image sequences, which serve as the primary metric of performance for the final science products. Finally, the database is used to track telemetry products from the GPI adaptive optics (AO) subsystem, and associate these with corresponding IFS data. Here, we discuss several data exploration and visualization projects enabled by the GPIES database. Of particular interest are any correlations between instrument performance (final contrast) and environmental or operating conditions. We show single and multiple-parameter fits of single-image and observing sequence contrast as functions of various seeing measures, and discuss automated outlier rejection and other fitting concerns. We also explore unsupervised learning techniques, and self-organizing maps, in particular, in order to produce low-dimensional mappings of the full metadata space, in order to provide new insights on how instrument performance may correlate with various factors. Supervised learning techniques are then employed in order to partition the space of raw (single image) to final (full sequence) contrast in order to better predict the value of the final data set from the first few completed observations. Finally, we discuss the particular features of the database design that aid in performing these analyses, and suggest potential future upgrades and refinements.	[Savransky, Dmitry; Shapiro, Jacob] Cornell Univ, Sibley Sch Mech & Aerosp Engn, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA; [Savransky, Dmitry] Cornell Univ, Carl Sagan Inst, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA; [Bailey, Vanessa] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [De Rosa, Robert; Wang, Jason] Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Ruffio, Jean-Baptiste; Nielsen, Eric; Tallis, Melisa] Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Perrin, Marshall] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA	Savransky, D (corresponding author), Cornell Univ, Sibley Sch Mech & Aerosp Engn, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA.; Savransky, D (corresponding author), Cornell Univ, Carl Sagan Inst, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA.	ds264@cornell.edu	Bailey, Vanessa P/H-2247-2018; Savransky, Dmitry/M-1298-2014	Bailey, Vanessa P/0000-0002-5407-2806; Savransky, Dmitry/0000-0002-8711-7206; Perrin, Marshall/0000-0002-3191-8151				28	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107030H	10.1117/12.2312177			15	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300014					2020-09-09	
S	Sayson, JL; Mawet, D; Ruane, G; Delorme, JR; Echeverri, D; Jovanovic, N; Klimovich, N; Xin, YY		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Sayson, Jorge Llop; Mawet, Dimitri; Ruane, Garreth; Delorme, Jacques-Robert; Echeverri, Daniel; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Klimovich, Nikita; Xin, Yeyuan			Wavefront control for minimization of speckle coupling into a fiber injection unit based on the electric field conjugation algorithm	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		High contrast imaging; Wavefront control; Wavefront sensing; Fiber injection unit; Electric Field Conjugation		A fiber injection unit situated in the focal plane behind a coronagraph feeding a high resolution spectrograph can be used to couple light from an exoplanet to obtain high resolution spectra with improved sensitivity. However, the signal-to-noise ratio of the planet signal is limited by the coupling of starlight into the single mode fiber. To minimize this coupling, we need to apply a control loop on the stellar wavefront at the input of the fiber. We present here a wavefront control algorithm based on the formalism of the Electric Field Conjugation (EFC) controller that accounts for the effect of the fiber. The control output is the overlap integral of the electric field with the fundamental mode of a single mode fiber. This overlap integral is estimated by sending probes to a deformable mirror. We present results from simulations, and laboratory results obtained at the Caltech Exoplanet Technology Lab's transmissive testbed. We show that our approach offers a significant improvement in starlight suppression through the fiber relative to a conventional EFC controller. This new approach improves the contrast of a high contrast instrument and could be used in future missions.	[Sayson, Jorge Llop; Mawet, Dimitri; Ruane, Garreth; Delorme, Jacques-Robert; Echeverri, Daniel; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Klimovich, Nikita; Xin, Yeyuan] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Sayson, JL (corresponding author), CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Ruane, Garreth/A-5997-2013	Ruane, Garreth/0000-0003-4769-1665				11	0	0	1	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070372	10.1117/12.2313657			9	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300205		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Tallis, M; Bailey, VP; Macintosh, B; Chilcote, JK; Poyneer, LA; Ruffio, JB; Hayward, TL; Savransky, D		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Tallis, Melisa; Bailey, Vanessa P.; Macintosh, Bruce; Chilcote, Jeffrey K.; Poyneer, Lisa A.; Ruffio, Jean-Baptiste; Hayward, Thomas L.; Savransky, Dmitry		GPI Team	Air, Telescope, and Instrument Temperature Effects on the Gemini Planet Imager's Image Quality	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		GPI,high contrast imaging; adaptive optics; local seeing; mirror seeing		The Gemini Planet Imager (GPI) is a near-infrared instrument that uses Adaptive Optics (AO), a coronagraph, and advanced data processing techniques to achieve very high contrast images of exoplanets. The GPI Exoplanet Survey (GPIES) is a 600 stars campaign aiming at detecting and characterizing young, massive and self-luminous exoplanets at large orbital distances (> 5 au). Science observations are taken simultaneously with environmental data revealing information about the turbulence in the telescope environment as well as limitations of GPI's AO system. Previous work has shown that the timescale of the turbulence, To, is a strong predictor of AO performance, however an analysis of the dome turbulence on AO performance has not been done before. Here, we study correlations between image contrast and residual wavefront error (WFE) with temperature measurements from multiple locations inside and outside the dome. Our analysis revealed GPI's performance is most correlated with the temperature difference between the primary mirror of the telescope and the outside air. We also assess the impact of the current temperature control and ventilation strategy at Gemini South (GS).	[Tallis, Melisa; Macintosh, Bruce; Chilcote, Jeffrey K.; Ruffio, Jean-Baptiste] Stanford Univ, Dept Phys, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Bailey, Vanessa P.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Poyneer, Lisa A.] Lawrence Livermore Natl Lab, 7000 East Ave, Livermore, CA 94550 USA; [Hayward, Thomas L.] Gemini Observ, Casilla 603, La Serena, Chile; [Savransky, Dmitry] Cornell Univ, Sibley Sch Mech & Aerosp Engn, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA	Tallis, M (corresponding author), Stanford Univ, Dept Phys, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA.	melisatallis@gmail.com; macint@stanford.edu	Savransky, Dmitry/M-1298-2014; Bailey, Vanessa P/H-2247-2018	Savransky, Dmitry/0000-0002-8711-7206; Bailey, Vanessa P/0000-0002-5407-2806	Gemini Observatory; U.S. Department of Energy by Lawrence Livermore National LaboratoryUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-AC52-07NA27344]; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology; NSF on behalf of the Gemini partnership: the NSF (USA); National Research Council (Canada); CONICYT (Chile)Comision Nacional de Investigacion Cientifica y Tecnologica (CONICYT); Australian Research Council (Australia)Australian Research Council; MCTI (Brazil); MINCYT (Argentina)	The GPI project has been supported by Gemini Observatory, which is operated by AURA, Inc., under a cooperative agreement with the NSF on behalf of the Gemini partnership: the NSF (USA), the National Research Council (Canada), CONICYT (Chile), the Australian Research Council (Australia), MCTI (Brazil) and MINCYT (Argentina). Additionally, portions of this work were performed under the auspices of the U.S. Department of Energy by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory under Contract DE-AC52-07NA27344. V.B. acknowledges government sponsorship; this research was carried out in part at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		11	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 1070356	10.1117/12.2319615			6	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300155					2020-09-09	
S	Xin, YY; Sayson, JL; Klimovich, N; Mawet, D; Ruane, G; Delorme, J; Jovanovic, N		Close, LM; Schreiber, L; Schmidt, D		Xin, Yeyuan; Sayson, Jorge Llop; Klimovich, Nikita; Mawet, Dimitri; Ruane, Garreth; Delorme, Jacques; Jovanovic, Nemanja			Demonstration of a Speckle Nulling Algorithm and Kalman Filter Estimator with a Fiber Injection Unit for Observing Exoplanets with High-dispersion Coronagraphy	ADAPTIVE OPTICS SYSTEMS VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Adaptive Optics Systems VI	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		vortex coronagraph; fiber injection unit; speckle nulling; Kalman filter; spectrograph; exoplanet characterization		High-dispersion coronagraphy (HDC) combines high contrast imaging techniques with high spectral resolution spectroscopy to observe exoplanets and determine characteristics such as chemical composition, temperature, and rotational velocities. It has been demonstrated in lab that with monochromatic light, a fiber injection unit (FIU), in which an optical fiber is used to couple to light from the exoplanet, could be used to direct exoplanet light to a high-resolution spectrograph, with robust performance and speckle suppression that exceeds conventional image-based speckle nulling. We now demonstrate in lab a FIU based speckle nulling scheme with a Kalman filter estimator. We currently find that speckle nulling with a Kalman filter is more stable and outperforms traditional speckle nulling by 10% in suppression in the presence of white detector noise.	[Xin, Yeyuan; Sayson, Jorge Llop; Klimovich, Nikita; Mawet, Dimitri; Ruane, Garreth; Delorme, Jacques; Jovanovic, Nemanja] CALTECH, Exoplanet Technol Lab, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Xin, YY (corresponding author), CALTECH, Exoplanet Technol Lab, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	yxin1025@gmail.com	Ruane, Garreth/A-5997-2013	Ruane, Garreth/0000-0003-4769-1665	Caltech Student Faculty Program (SFP) office; Jean Dixon SURF Fellowship	The authors would like to acknowledge the financial support of the Caltech Student Faculty Program (SFP) office and the Jean Dixon SURF Fellowship.		4	2	2	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1960-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10703								UNSP 107036Z	10.1117/12.2312357			8	Optics	Optics	BL5UM	WOS:000452819300202		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Nakashima, K; Jung, H; Oto, Y; Iwashita, Y; Kurazume, R; Mozos, OM				Nakashima, Kazuto; Jung, Hojung; Oto, Yuki; Iwashita, Yumi; Kurazume, Ryo; Mozos, Oscar Martinez			Learning geometric and photometric features from panoramic LiDAR scans for outdoor place categorization	ADVANCED ROBOTICS			English	Article						Outdoor place categorization; convolutional neural networks; multi-modal data; laser scanner	INDOOR PLACES; RECOGNITION; RANGE	Semantic place categorization, which is one of the essential tasks for autonomous robots and vehicles, allows them to have capabilities of self-decision and navigation in unfamiliar environments. In particular, outdoor places are more difficult targets than indoor ones due to perceptual variations, such as dynamic illuminance over 24 hours and occlusions by cars and pedestrians. This paper presents a novel method of categorizing outdoor places using convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which take omnidirectional depth/reflectance images obtained by 3D LiDARs as the inputs. First, we construct a large-scale outdoor place dataset named Multi-modal Panoramic 3D Outdoor (MPO) comprising two types of point clouds captured by two different LiDARs. They are labeled with six outdoor place categories: coast, forest, indoor/outdoor parking, residential area, and urban area. Second, we provide CNNs for LiDAR-based outdoor place categorization and evaluate our approach with the MPO dataset. Our results on the MPO dataset outperform traditional approaches and show the effectiveness in which we use both depth and reflectance modalities. To analyze our trained deep networks, we visualize the learned features.	[Nakashima, Kazuto; Jung, Hojung; Oto, Yuki] Kyushu Univ, Grad Sch Informat Sci & Elect Engn, Fukuoka, Fukuoka, Japan; [Iwashita, Yumi] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Kurazume, Ryo] Kyushu Univ, Fac Informat Sci & Elect Engn, Fukuoka, Fukuoka, Japan; [Mozos, Oscar Martinez] Tech Univ Cartagena, Cartagena, Spain	Nakashima, K (corresponding author), Kyushu Univ, Grad Sch Informat Sci & Elect Engn, Fukuoka, Fukuoka, Japan.	k_nakashima@irvs.ait.kyushu-u.ac.jp	Mozos, Oscar M/A-7450-2017; Kurazume, Ryo/S-8271-2019	Mozos, Oscar M/0000-0002-3908-4921; Kurazume, Ryo/0000-0002-4219-7644				42	2	2	3	21	TAYLOR & FRANCIS LTD	ABINGDON	2-4 PARK SQUARE, MILTON PARK, ABINGDON OR14 4RN, OXON, ENGLAND	0169-1864	1568-5535		ADV ROBOTICS	Adv. Robot.		2018	32	14					750	765		10.1080/01691864.2018.1501279			16	Robotics	Robotics	GR1GA	WOS:000442278500003					2020-09-09	
J	Heydeman, M; Marcolli, M; Saberi, IA; Stoica, B				Heydeman, Matthew; Marcolli, Matilde; Saberi, Ingmar A.; Stoica, Bogdan			Tensor networks, p-adic fields, and algebraic curves: arithmetic and the AdS(3)/CFT2 correspondence	ADVANCES IN THEORETICAL AND MATHEMATICAL PHYSICS			English	Article							ENTROPY; GEOMETRY	One of the many remarkable properties of conformal field theory in two dimensions is its connection to algebraic geometry. Since every compact Riemann surface is a projective algebraic curve, many constructions of interest in physics (which a priori depend on the analytic structure of the spacetime) can be formulated in purely algebraic language. This opens the door to interesting generalizations, obtained by taking another choice of field: for instance, the p-adics. We generalize the AdS/CFT correspondence according to this principle; the result is a formulation of holography in which the bulk geometry is discrete - the Bruhat-Tits tree for PGL(2, Q(p)) - but the group of bulk isometries nonetheless agrees with that of boundary conformal transformations and is not broken by discretization. We suggest that this forms the natural geometric setting for tensor networks that have been proposed as models of bulk reconstruction via quantum error correcting codes; in certain cases, geodesics in the Bruhat-Tits tree reproduce those constructed using quantum error correction. Other aspects of holography also hold: Standard holographic results for massive free scalar fields in a fixed background carry over to the tree, whose vertical direction can be interpreted as a renormalization-group scale for modes in the boundary CFT. Higher-genus bulk geometries (the BTZ black hole and its generalizations) can be understood straightforwardly in our setting, and the Ryu-Takayanagi formula for the entanglement entropy appears naturally.	[Heydeman, Matthew; Saberi, Ingmar A.; Stoica, Bogdan] CALTECH, Walter Burke Inst Theoret Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Marcolli, Matilde] CALTECH, Dept Math, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Marcolli, Matilde] Univ Toronto, Dept Math, Bahen Ctr, 40 St George St, Toronto, ON M5S 2E4, Canada; [Marcolli, Matilde] Perimeter Inst Theoret Phys, 31 Caroline St N, Waterloo, ON N2L 2Y5, Canada; [Saberi, Ingmar A.] Heidelberg Univ, Math Inst, Neuenheimer Feld 205, D-69120 Heidelberg, Germany; [Stoica, Bogdan] Brandeis Univ, Martin A Fisher Sch Phys, Waltham, MA 02453 USA; [Stoica, Bogdan] Brown Univ, Dept Phys, Providence, RI 02912 USA	Heydeman, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Walter Burke Inst Theoret Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	mheydema@caltech.edu; matilde@caltech.edu; saberi@mathi.uni-heidelberg.de; bstoica@brandeis.edu		Heydeman, Matthew/0000-0001-7033-9075; Saberi, Ingmar/0000-0002-2005-938X	United States Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-SC0011632]; Walter Burke Institute for Theoretical Physics at Caltech; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [DMS-1707882]; NSERCNatural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada [RGPIN-2018-04937, RGPAS-2018-522593]; Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics	The work of M.H., I.A.S., and B.S. is supported by the United States Department of Energy under the grant DE-SC0011632, as well as by the Walter Burke Institute for Theoretical Physics at Caltech. M.M. is partially supported by NSF grant DMS-1707882, by NSERC Discovery Grant RGPIN-2018-04937 and Accelerator Supplement grant RGPAS-2018-522593, and by the Perimeter Institute for Theoretical Physics.		64	14	14	2	3	INT PRESS BOSTON, INC	SOMERVILLE	PO BOX 43502, SOMERVILLE, MA 02143 USA	1095-0761	1095-0753		ADV THEOR MATH PHYS	Adv. Theor. Math. Phys.		2018	22	1					93	176		10.4310/ATMP.2018.v22.n1.a4			84	Physics, Particles & Fields; Physics, Mathematical	Physics	GS9AG	WOS:000444006600004					2020-09-09	
J	Charan, SM; Kong, WM; Flagan, RC; Seinfeld, JH				Charan, Sophia M.; Kong, Weimeng; Flagan, Richard C.; Seinfeld, John H.			Effect of particle charge on aerosol dynamics in Teflon environmental chambers	AEROSOL SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY			English	Article							WALL LOSSES; IONS; COAGULATION; DEPOSITION	The contribution of particle charge to the rate of particle wall deposition has been a persistent source of uncertainty for experiments performed in environmental chambers. By tracking the preferential deposition of positively charged particles; by comparing experiments carried out under standard, humid, and highly statically charged conditions; and by performing two-parameter optimizations for the chamber eddy-diffusion coefficient (k(e)) and the average magnitude of the electric field (E), the effect of charge on the rate of particle-wall deposition is isolated. A combined experimental and computational method is also developed for determining values for k(e) and E within a FEP Teflon chamber. To fully account for the effects of charge on particle dynamics in environmental chambers, studies of the effect of air ion concentration on the rate of particle coagulation over a typical 20 h experiment are performed and demonstrated, in general, that particle charge is negligible for characteristic chamber ion concentrations. While the effect of particle charge on aerosol dynamics in an environmental chamber must be addressed for each specific chamber, we demonstrate experimentally that for the Caltech 19 m(3) Environmental Chamber, charge effects on the rate of particle-wall deposition are negligible. Copyright (C) 2018 American Association for Aerosol Research	[Charan, Sophia M.; Kong, Weimeng; Flagan, Richard C.; Seinfeld, John H.] CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd,210-41, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Seinfeld, JH (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd,210-41, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	seinfeld@caltech.edu	Kong, Weimeng/AAK-3328-2020	Kong, Weimeng/0000-0002-9432-2857; Charan, Sophia/0000-0002-2023-6403	National Science Foundation Graduate Research FellowshipNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1745301]; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AGS-1523500, AGS-1740552]	SMC acknowledges support by a National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship under [Grant No. 1745301]. This work was also supported by National Science Foundation [grants AGS-1523500 and AGS-1740552].		22	7	7	0	9	TAYLOR & FRANCIS INC	PHILADELPHIA	530 WALNUT STREET, STE 850, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19106 USA	0278-6826	1521-7388		AEROSOL SCI TECH	Aerosol Sci. Technol.		2018	52	8					854	871		10.1080/02786826.2018.1474167			18	Engineering, Chemical; Engineering, Mechanical; Environmental Sciences; Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences	Engineering; Environmental Sciences & Ecology; Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences	GR2LO	WOS:000442403500005		Bronze			2020-09-09	
J	Imasato, K; Ohno, S; Kang, SD; Snyder, GJ				Imasato, Kazuki; Ohno, Saneyuki; Kang, Stephen Dongmin; Snyder, G. Jeffrey			Improving the thermoelectric performance in Mg3+xSb1.5Bi0.49Te0.01 by reducing excess Mg	APL MATERIALS			English	Article							THERMAL-CONDUCTIVITY; ZINTL COMPOUNDS; COMPOUND; POWER; SB; SCATTERING; CHEMISTRY	The thermoelectric performance of Mg3+xSb1.5Bi0.49Te0.01 was improved by reducing the amount of excess Mg (x = 0.01-0.2). A 20% reduction in effective lattice thermal conductivity at 600 K was observed by decreasing the nominal x from 0.2 to 0.01 in Mg3+xSb1.5Bi0.49Te0.01, leading to a 20% improvement in the figure-of-merit zT. Since materials with different amounts of Mg have similar electronic properties, the enhancement is attributed primarily to the reduction in thermal conductivity. It is known that excess Mg is required to make n-type Mg3+xSb1.5Bi0.49Te0.01; however, too much excess Mg in the material increases the thermal conductivity and is therefore detrimental for the overall thermoelectric performance of the material. (c) 2018 Author(s).	[Imasato, Kazuki; Ohno, Saneyuki; Kang, Stephen Dongmin; Snyder, G. Jeffrey] Northwestern Univ, Dept Mat Sci & Engn, Evanston, IL 60208 USA; [Ohno, Saneyuki; Kang, Stephen Dongmin] CALTECH, Dept Appl Phys & Mat Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Ohno, Saneyuki] Justus Liebig Univ Giessen, Inst Phys Chem, Heinrich Buff Ring 17, D-35392 Giessen, Germany	Snyder, GJ (corresponding author), Northwestern Univ, Dept Mat Sci & Engn, Evanston, IL 60208 USA.	jeff.snyder@northwestern.edu	Snyder, G J/I-2263-2015; Imasato, Kazuki/AAE-7391-2019; Snyder, G. Jeffrey/E-4453-2011; Kang, Stephen Dongmin/AAX-7928-2020; Ohno, Saneyuki/S-7732-2018	Imasato, Kazuki/0000-0001-7294-1780; Snyder, G. Jeffrey/0000-0003-1414-8682; Kang, Stephen Dongmin/0000-0002-7491-7933; Ohno, Saneyuki/0000-0001-8192-996X	NASA Science Mission Directorate's Radioisotope Power Systems Thermoelectric Technology Development; Solid-State Solar-Thermal Energy Conversion Center (S3TEC), an Energy Frontier Research Center - U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Science, Basic Energy SciencesUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-SC0001299]; Funai Foundation for Information Technology	The authors would like to thank Dr. Hiromasa Tamaki and Dr. Tsutomu Kanno from Panasonic for valuable discussions. This work was supported by the NASA Science Mission Directorate's Radioisotope Power Systems Thermoelectric Technology Development and the Solid-State Solar-Thermal Energy Conversion Center (S3TEC), an Energy Frontier Research Center funded by the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Science, Basic Energy Sciences under Award No. DE-SC0001299. K.I. acknowledges support from Funai Foundation for Information Technology.		27	17	18	1	15	AMER INST PHYSICS	MELVILLE	1305 WALT WHITMAN RD, STE 300, MELVILLE, NY 11747-4501 USA	2166-532X			APL MATER	APL Mater.	JAN	2018	6	1							016106	10.1063/1.5011379			5	Nanoscience & Nanotechnology; Materials Science, Multidisciplinary; Physics, Applied	Science & Technology - Other Topics; Materials Science; Physics	FU3BG	WOS:000423723700007		DOAJ Gold, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Serabyn, E; Liewer, K; Wallace, JK				Serabyn, E.; Liewer, K.; Wallace, J. K.			Resolution optimization of an off-axis lensless digital holographic microscope	APPLIED OPTICS			English	Article							PHASE-CONTRAST MICROSCOPY; QUANTITATIVE PHASE; MOTILITY; SUPERRESOLUTION; ABERRATIONS; ENVIRONMENT; TOMOGRAPHY; ENCELADUS; COMPACT; SAMPLES	Microscopes aimed at detecting cellular life in extreme environments such as ocean-bearing solar system moons must provide high resolution in a compact, robust instrument. Here, we consider the resolution optimization of a compact off-axis lensless digital holographic microscope (DHM) that consists of a sample placed between an input point-source pair and a detector array. Two optimal high-resolution regimes are identified at opposite extremes-a low-magnification regime with the sample located near a small-pixel detector array, and a high-magnification regime with the sample near the input plane. In the former, resolution improves with smaller pixels, while in the latter, the effect of the finite pixel size is obviated, and the spatial resolution improves with detector array size. Using an off-axis lensless DHM with a 2k x 2k array of 5.5 mu m-pixels in the high-magnification regime, and standard aberration correction software, a resolution of similar to 0.95 mu m has been demonstrated, a factor of 5.8 smaller than the pixel size. Our analysis further suggests that with yet larger detector arrays, a lensless DHM should be capable of near wavelength-scale resolution. (C) 2017 Optical Society of America	[Serabyn, E.; Liewer, K.; Wallace, J. K.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Serabyn, E (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	gene.serabyn@jpl.nasa.gov	Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020		Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation [GBMF-4038]; National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation (GBMF-4038); National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).		46	7	8	5	13	OPTICAL SOC AMER	WASHINGTON	2010 MASSACHUSETTS AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20036 USA	1559-128X	2155-3165		APPL OPTICS	Appl. Optics	JAN 1	2018	57	1					A172	A180		10.1364/AO.57.00A172			9	Optics	Optics	FQ8LN	WOS:000418614400022	29328143				2020-09-09	
J	Vance, SD; Kedar, S; Panning, MP; Stahler, SC; Bills, BG; Lorenz, RD; Huang, HH; Pike, WT; Castillo, JC; Lognonne, P; Tsai, VC; Rhoden, AR				Vance, Steven D.; Kedar, Sharon; Panning, Mark P.; Stahler, Simon C.; Bills, Bruce G.; Lorenz, Ralph D.; Huang, Hsin-Hua; Pike, W. T.; Castillo, Julie C.; Lognonne, Philippe; Tsai, Victor C.; Rhoden, Alyssa R.			Vital Signs: Seismology of Icy Ocean Worlds	ASTROBIOLOGY			English	Article							GALILEO PHOTOPOLARIMETER-RADIOMETER; THERMAL EVOLUTION; INTERIOR STRUCTURE; TIDAL DISSIPATION; SEISMIC DETECTION; SUBSURFACE OCEAN; AMMONIUM-SULFATE; SHELL THICKNESS; GRAVITY-FIELD; I SHELLS	Ice-covered ocean worlds possess diverse energy sources and associated mechanisms that are capable of driving significant seismic activity, but to date no measurements of their seismic activity have been obtained. Such investigations could reveal the transport properties and radial structures, with possibilities for locating and characterizing trapped liquids that may host life and yielding critical constraints on redox fluxes and thus on habitability. Modeling efforts have examined seismic sources from tectonic fracturing and impacts. Here, we describe other possible seismic sources, their associations with science questions constraining habitability, and the feasibility of implementing such investigations. We argue, by analogy with the Moon, that detectable seismic activity should occur frequently on tidally flexed ocean worlds. Their ices fracture more easily than rocks and dissipate more tidal energy than the <1 GW of the Moon and Mars. Icy ocean worlds also should create less thermal noise due to their greater distance and consequently smaller diurnal temperature variations. They also lack substantial atmospheres (except in the case of Titan) that would create additional noise. Thus, seismic experiments could be less complex and less susceptible to noise than prior or planned planetary seismology investigations of the Moon or Mars. Key Words: SeismologyRedoxOcean worldsEuropaIceHydrothermal. Astrobiology 18, 37-53.	[Vance, Steven D.; Kedar, Sharon; Panning, Mark P.; Bills, Bruce G.; Castillo, Julie C.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Stahler, Simon C.] ETH, Inst Geophys, Zurich, Switzerland; [Stahler, Simon C.] Leibniz Inst Balt Sea Res IOW, Rostock, Germany; [Lorenz, Ralph D.] Johns Hopkins Appl Phys Lab, Laurel, MD USA; [Huang, Hsin-Hua] Acad Sinica, Inst Earth Sci, Taipei, Taiwan; [Huang, Hsin-Hua; Tsai, Victor C.] CALTECH, Seismol Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Pike, W. T.] Imperial Coll, Dept Elect & Elect Engn, Opt & Semicond Devices Grp, London, England; [Lognonne, Philippe] Univ Paris Diderot, Inst Phys Globe Paris, Sorbonne Paris Cite, Paris, France; [Rhoden, Alyssa R.] Arizona State Univ, Sch Earth & Space Explorat, Tempe, AZ USA	Vance, SD (corresponding author), MS 321-560 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	svance@jpl.nasa.gov	Vance, Steven/J-8887-2017; Huang, Hsin-Hua/E-5677-2013; Tsai, Victor/J-8405-2012; Panning, Mark P/B-3805-2011; Lognonne, Philippe/F-8846-2010	Vance, Steven/0000-0002-4242-3293; Huang, Hsin-Hua/0000-0002-1115-2427; Tsai, Victor/0000-0003-1809-6672; Panning, Mark P/0000-0002-2041-3190; Lognonne, Philippe/0000-0002-1014-920X; Stahler, Simon C./0000-0002-0783-2489	strategic research and technology funds from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory; Caltech; Icy Worlds node of NASA's Astrobiology Institute [13-13NAI7_2-0024]	We thank for their helpful input Sridhar Anandakrishnan, Bruce Banerdt, Jason Goodman, and Jennifer Jackson. This work was partially supported by strategic research and technology funds from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Caltech, and by the Icy Worlds node of NASA's Astrobiology Institute (13-13NAI7_2-0024). The research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.		186	13	13	3	20	MARY ANN LIEBERT, INC	NEW ROCHELLE	140 HUGUENOT STREET, 3RD FL, NEW ROCHELLE, NY 10801 USA	1531-1074	1557-8070		ASTROBIOLOGY	Astrobiology	JAN	2018	18	1					37	53		10.1089/ast.2016.1612			17	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Biology; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Life Sciences & Biomedicine - Other Topics; Geology	FX3MQ	WOS:000425976500003	29345986				2020-09-09	
J	Burke, DL; Rykoff, ES; Allam, S; Annis, J; Bechtol, K; Bernstein, GM; Drlica-Wagner, A; Finley, DA; Gruendl, RA; James, DJ; Kent, S; Kessler, R; Kuhlmann, S; Lasker, J; Li, TS; Scolnic, D; Smith, J; Tucker, DL; Wester, W; Yanny, B; Abbott, TMC; Abdalla, FB; Benoit-Levy, A; Bertin, E; Rosell, AC; Kind, MC; Carretero, J; Cunha, CE; D'Andrea, CB; da Costa, LN; Desai, S; Diehl, HT; Doel, P; Estrada, J; Garcia-Bellido, J; Gruen, D; Gutierrez, G; Honscheid, K; Kuehn, K; Kuropatkin, N; Maia, MAG; March, M; Marshall, JL; Melchior, P; Menanteau, F; Miquel, R; Plazas, AA; Sako, M; Sanchez, E; Scarpine, V; Schindler, R; Sevilla-Noarbe, I; Smith, M; Smith, RC; Soares-Santos, M; Sobreira, F; Suchyta, E; Tarle, G; Walker, AR				Burke, D. L.; Rykoff, E. S.; Allam, S.; Annis, J.; Bechtol, K.; Bernstein, G. M.; Drlica-Wagner, A.; Finley, D. A.; Gruendl, R. A.; James, D. J.; Kent, S.; Kessler, R.; Kuhlmann, S.; Lasker, J.; Li, T. S.; Scolnic, D.; Smith, J.; Tucker, D. L.; Wester, W.; Yanny, B.; Abbott, T. M. C.; Abdalla, F. B.; Benoit-Levy, A.; Bertin, E.; Carnero Rosell, A.; Kind, M. Carrasco; Carretero, J.; Cunha, C. E.; D'Andrea, C. B.; da Costa, L. N.; Desai, S.; Diehl, H. T.; Doel, P.; Estrada, J.; Garcia-Bellido, J.; Gruen, D.; Gutierrez, G.; Honscheid, K.; Kuehn, K.; Kuropatkin, N.; Maia, M. A. G.; March, M.; Marshall, J. L.; Melchior, P.; Menanteau, F.; Miquel, R.; Plazas, A. A.; Sako, M.; Sanchez, E.; Scarpine, V.; Schindler, R.; Sevilla-Noarbe, I.; Smith, M.; Smith, R. C.; Soares-Santos, M.; Sobreira, F.; Suchyta, E.; Tarle, G.; Walker, A. R.		DES Collaboration	Forward Global Photometric Calibration of the Dark Energy Survey	ASTRONOMICAL JOURNAL			English	Article						methods: observational; techniques: photometric	SOFTWARE	Many scientific goals for the Dark Energy Survey (DES) require the calibration of optical/NIR broadband b = grizY photometry that is stable in time and uniform over the celestial sky to one percent or better. It is also necessary to limit to similar accuracy systematic uncertainty in the calibrated broadband magnitudes due to uncertainty in the spectrum of the source. Here we present a "Forward Global Calibration Method (FGCM)" for photometric calibration of the DES, and we present results of its application to the first three years of the survey (Y3A1). The FGCM combines data taken with auxiliary instrumentation at the observatory with data from the broadband survey imaging itself and models of the instrument and atmosphere to estimate the spatial and time dependences of the passbands of individual DES survey exposures. "Standard" passbands that are typical of the passbands encountered during the survey are chosen. The passband of any individual observation is combined with an estimate of the source spectral shape to yield a magnitude m(b)(std) in the standard system. This " chromatic correction" to the standard system is necessary to achieve subpercent calibrations and in particular, to resolve ambiguity between the broadband brightness of a source and the shape of its SED. The FGCM achieves a reproducible and stable photometric calibration of standard magnitudes m(b)(std) of stellar sources over the multiyear Y3A1 data sample with residual random calibration errors of sigma = 6-7 mmag per exposure. The accuracy of the calibration is uniform across the 5000 deg(2) DES footprint to within sigma = 7 mmag. The systematic uncertainties of magnitudes in the standard system due to the spectra of sources are less than 5 mmag for main-sequence stars with 0.5 < g-i < 3.0.	[Burke, D. L.; Rykoff, E. S.; Cunha, C. E.; Gruen, D.] Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, POB 2450, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Burke, D. L.; Rykoff, E. S.; Gruen, D.; Schindler, R.] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Allam, S.; Annis, J.; Drlica-Wagner, A.; Finley, D. A.; Kent, S.; Li, T. S.; Tucker, D. L.; Wester, W.; Yanny, B.; Diehl, H. T.; Estrada, J.; Gutierrez, G.; Kuropatkin, N.; Scarpine, V.; Soares-Santos, M.] Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, POB 500, Batavia, IL 60510 USA; [Bechtol, K.] LSST, 933 North Cherry Ave, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Bernstein, G. M.; D'Andrea, C. B.; March, M.; Sako, M.] Univ Penn, Dept Phys & Astron, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Gruendl, R. A.; Kind, M. Carrasco; Menanteau, F.] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, 1002 W Green St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Gruendl, R. A.; Kind, M. Carrasco; Menanteau, F.] Natl Ctr Supercomp Applicat, 1205 West Clark St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [James, D. J.] Univ Washington, Dept Astron, Box 351580, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [James, D. J.; Abbott, T. M. C.; Smith, R. C.; Walker, A. R.] Natl Opt Astron Observ, Cerro Tololo Interamer Observ, Casilla 603, La Serena, Chile; [Kent, S.; Kessler, R.; Lasker, J.; Scolnic, D.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Kuhlmann, S.] Argonne Natl Lab, 9700 South Cass Ave, Lemont, IL 60439 USA; [Smith, J.] Austin Peay State Univ, Clarksville, TN 37044 USA; [Abdalla, F. B.; Benoit-Levy, A.; Doel, P.] UCL, Dept Phys Astron, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, England; [Abdalla, F. B.] Rhodes Univ, Dept Phys & Elect, POB 94, ZA-6140 Grahamstown, South Africa; [Benoit-Levy, A.; Bertin, E.] Inst Astrophys Paris, CNRS, UMR 7095, F-75014 Paris, France; [Benoit-Levy, A.; Bertin, E.] UPMC Univ Paris 06, Sorbonne Univ, Inst Astrophys Paris, UMR 7095, F-75014 Paris, France; [Carnero Rosell, A.; da Costa, L. N.; Maia, M. A. G.; Sobreira, F.] Lab Interinst E Astron LIneA, Rua Gal Jose Cristino 77, BR-20921400 Rio De Janeiro, RJ, Brazil; [Carnero Rosell, A.; da Costa, L. N.; Maia, M. A. G.] Observ Nacl, Rua Gal Jose Cristino 77, BR-20921400 Rio De Janeiro, RJ, Brazil; [Carretero, J.; Miquel, R.] Barcelona Inst Sci & Technol, IFAE, Campus UAB, E-08193 Bellaterra, Barcelona, Spain; [Desai, S.] IIT Hyderabad, Dept Phys, Kandi 502285, Telangana, India; [Garcia-Bellido, J.] Univ Autonoma Madrid, Inst Fis Teor UAM CSIC, E-28049 Madrid, Spain; [Honscheid, K.] Ohio State Univ, Ctr Cosmol & Astroparticle Phys, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Honscheid, K.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Phys, 174 W 18th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Kuehn, K.] Australian Astron Observ, N Ryde, NSW 2113, Australia; [Marshall, J. L.] Texas A&M Univ, George P & Cynthia Woods Mitchell Inst Fundamenta, College Stn, TX 77843 USA; [Marshall, J. L.] Texas A&M Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, College Stn, TX 77843 USA; [Melchior, P.] Princeton Univ, Dept Astrophys Sci, Peyton Hall, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Miquel, R.] Inst Catalana Recerca & Estudis Avancats, E-08010 Barcelona, Spain; [Plazas, A. A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Sanchez, E.; Sevilla-Noarbe, I.] CIEMAT, Madrid, Spain; [Smith, M.] Univ Southampton, Sch Phys & Astron, Southampton SO17 1BJ, Hants, England; [Sobreira, F.] Univ Estadual Campinas, Inst Fis Gleb Wataghin, BR-13083859 Campinas, SP, Brazil; [Suchyta, E.] Oak Ridge Natl Lab, Comp Sci & Math Div, Oak Ridge, TN 37831 USA; [Tarle, G.] Univ Michigan, Dept Phys, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA	Burke, DL (corresponding author), Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, POB 2450, Stanford, CA 94305 USA.; Burke, DL (corresponding author), SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA.	daveb@slac.stanford.edu	Palacios, Jorge Carretero/L-8237-2014; cunha, carlos/AAA-5734-2020; Sanchez, Eusebio/H-5228-2015; Sevilla, Ignacio/AAB-8148-2019; Desai, Shantanu/AAM-8055-2020; Carnero, Aurelio/AAH-3411-2019; Garcia-Bellido, Juan/C-2920-2017; Sobreira, Flavia/F-4168-2015	Palacios, Jorge Carretero/0000-0002-3130-0204; Sanchez, Eusebio/0000-0002-9646-8198; Sevilla, Ignacio/0000-0002-1831-1953; Carnero, Aurelio/0000-0003-3044-5150; Garcia-Bellido, Juan/0000-0002-9370-8360; Bertin, Emmanuel/0000-0002-3602-3664; Suchyta, Eric/0000-0002-7047-9358; Menanteau, Felipe/0000-0002-1372-2534; Carrasco Kind, Matias/0000-0002-4802-3194; Bernstein, Gary/0000-0002-8613-8259; Smith, J. Allyn/0000-0002-6261-4601; Sobreira, Flavia/0000-0002-7822-0658; Melchior, Peter/0000-0002-8873-5065	U.S. Department of Energy contract to SLACUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DEAC02-76SF00515]; U. S. Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE); U.S. National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); Ministry of Science and Education of SpainSpanish Government; Science and Technology Facilities Council of the United KingdomScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC); Higher Education Funding Council for EnglandHigher Education Funding Council for England; National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign; Kavli Institute of Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago; Center for Cosmology and Astro-Particle Physics at the Ohio State UniversityOhio State University; Mitchell Institute for Fundamental Physics and Astronomy at Texas A M University; Financiadora de Estudos e ProjetosCiencia Tecnologia e Inovacao (FINEP); Fundacao Carlos Chagas Filho de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado do Rio de Janeiro; Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Cientifico e TecnologicoNational Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq); Ministerio da Ciencia, Tecnologia e Inovacao; Deutsche ForschungsgemeinschaftGerman Research Foundation (DFG); Collaborating Institutions in the Dark Energy Survey; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST1138766]; MINECO [AYA201239559, ESP2013-48274, FPA2013-47986]; Centro de Excelencia Severo Ochoa [SEV-2012-0234]; European Research Council under the European Unions Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) including ERC [240672, 291329, 306478]	The authors thank the staff of the Cerro Tololo InterAmerican Observatory for their expert and continuous support of the DES observing campaign. This work is supported in part by the U.S. Department of Energy contract to SLAC No. DEAC02-76SF00515.; Funding for the DES Projects has been provided by the U. S. Department of Energy, the U.S. National Science Foundation, the Ministry of Science and Education of Spain, the Science and Technology Facilities Council of the United Kingdom, the Higher Education Funding Council for England, the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, the Kavli Institute of Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago, the Center for Cosmology and Astro-Particle Physics at the Ohio State University, the Mitchell Institute for Fundamental Physics and Astronomy at Texas A& M University, Financiadora de Estudos e Projetos, Fundacao Carlos Chagas Filho de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Cientifico e Tecnologico and the Ministerio da Ciencia, Tecnologia e Inovacao, the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, and the Collaborating Institutions in the Dark Energy Survey.; The Collaborating Institutions are Argonne National Laboratory, the University of California at Santa Cruz, the University of Cambridge, Centro de Investigaciones Energeticas, Medioambientales y Tecnologicas-Madrid, the University of Chicago, University College London, the DES-Brazil Consortium, the University of Edinburgh, the Eidgenossische Technische Hochschule (ETH) Zurich, Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, the Institut de Ciencies de l'Espai (IEEC/CSIC), the Institut de Fisica d'Altes Energies, LawrenceBerkeley National Laboratory, the Ludwig-Maximilians Universitat Munchen and the associated Excellence Cluster Universe, the University of Michigan, the National Optical Astronomy Observatory, the University of Nottingham, The Ohio State University, the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Portsmouth, SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, Stanford University, the University of Sussex, Texas A&M University, and the OzDES Membership Consortium.; The DES data management system is supported by the National Science Foundation under grant number AST1138766. The DES participants from Spanish institutions are partially supported by MINECO under grants AYA201239559, ESP2013-48274, FPA2013-47986, and Centro de Excelencia Severo Ochoa SEV-2012-0234. Research leading to these results has received funding from the European Research Council under the European Unions Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007-2013) including ERC grant agreements 240672, 291329, and 306478. Facility: BLANCO 4.0 m/DECam.		38	30	30	0	4	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	0004-6256	1538-3881		ASTRON J	Astron. J.	JAN	2018	155	1							41	10.3847/1538-3881/aa9f22			24	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FR5MG	WOS:000419110000005		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Hwang, KH; Udalski, A; Shvartzvald, Y; Ryu, YH; Albrow, MD; Chung, SJ; Gould, A; Han, C; Jung, YK; Shin, IG; Yee, JC; Zhu, W; Cha, SM; Kim, DJ; Kim, HW; Kim, SL; Lee, CU; Lee, DJ; Lee, Y; Park, BG; Pogge, RW; Skowron, J; Mroz, P; Poleski, R; Kozlowski, S; Soszynski, I; Pietrukowicz, P; Szymanski, MK; Ulaczyk, K; Pawlak, M; Bryden, G; Beichman, C; Novati, SC; Gaudi, BS; Henderson, CB; Jacklin, S; Penny, MT				Hwang, K. -H.; Udalski, A.; Shvartzvald, Y.; Ryu, Y. -H.; Albrow, M. D.; Chung, S. -J.; Gould, A.; Han, C.; Jung, Y. K.; Shin, I. -G.; Yee, J. C.; Zhu, W.; Cha, S. -M.; Kim, D. -J.; Kim, H. -W.; Kim, S. -L.; Lee, C. -U.; Lee, D. -J.; Lee, Y.; Park, B. -G.; Pogge, R. W.; Skowron, J.; Mroz, P.; Poleski, R.; Kozlowski, S.; Soszynski, I.; Pietrukowicz, P.; Szymanski, M. K.; Ulaczyk, K.; Pawlak, M.; Bryden, G.; Beichman, C.; Novati, S. Calchi; Gaudi, B. S.; Henderson, C. B.; Jacklin, S.; Penny, M. T.		KMTnet Collaboration; OGLE Collaboration; UKIRT Microlensing Team	OGLE-2017-BLG-0173Lb: Low-mass-ratio Planet in a "Hollywood" Microlensing Event	ASTRONOMICAL JOURNAL			English	Article						gravitational lensing: micro; planetary systems	GRAVITATIONAL LENSING EXPERIMENT; GALACTIC BULGE; SYSTEMS; STARS; PHOTOMETRY	We present microlensing planet OGLE-2017-BLG-0173Lb, with planet-host mass ratio of either q similar or equal to 2.5 x 10(-5) or q similar or equal to 6.5 x 10(-5), the lowest or among the lowest ever detected. The planetary perturbation is strongly detected, Delta chi(2) similar to 10000, because it arises from a bright (therefore, large) source passing over and enveloping the planetary caustic: a so-called "Hollywood" event. The factor similar to 2.5 offset in q arises because of a previously unrecognized discrete degeneracy between Hollywood events in which the caustic is fully enveloped and those in which only one flank is enveloped, which we dub "Cannae" and "von Schlieffen," respectively. This degeneracy is "accidental" in that it arises from gaps in the data. Nevertheless, the fact that it appears in a Delta chi(2) = 10000 planetary anomaly is striking. We present a simple formalism to estimate the sensitivity of other Hollywood events to planets and show that they can lead to detections close to, but perhaps not quite reaching, the Earth/Sun mass ratio of 3 x 10(-6). This formalism also enables an analytic understanding of the factor similar to 2.5 offset in q between the Cannae and von Schlieffen solutions. The Bayesian estimates for the host mass, system distance, and planet-host projected separation are M = 0.39(-0.24)(+0.40) M circle dot, D-L = 4.8(-1.8)(+1.5) kpc, and a(perpendicular to) = 3.8 +/- 1.6 au, respectively. The two estimates of the planet mass are m(p) = 3.3(2.1)(+3.8) M circle plus and m(p) = 8(6)(+11) M circle plus. The measured lens-source relative proper motion mu = 6 mas yr(-1) will permit imaging of the lens in about 15 years or at first light on adaptive-optics imagers on next-generation telescopes. These will allow one to measure the host mass but probably will not be able to resolve the planet-host mass-ratio degeneracy.	[Hwang, K. -H.; Ryu, Y. -H.; Chung, S. -J.; Gould, A.; Cha, S. -M.; Kim, D. -J.; Kim, H. -W.; Kim, S. -L.; Lee, C. -U.; Lee, D. -J.; Lee, Y.; Park, B. -G.] Korea Astron & Space Sci Inst, Daejon 34055, South Korea; [Udalski, A.; Skowron, J.; Mroz, P.; Poleski, R.; Kozlowski, S.; Soszynski, I.; Pietrukowicz, P.; Szymanski, M. K.; Ulaczyk, K.; Pawlak, M.] Univ Warsaw Observ, Al Ujazdowskie 4, PL-00478 Warsaw, Poland; [Shvartzvald, Y.; Bryden, G.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Albrow, M. D.] Univ Canterbury, Dept Phys & Astron, Private Bag 4800, Christchurch 8020, New Zealand; [Chung, S. -J.; Kim, S. -L.; Lee, C. -U.; Park, B. -G.] Korea Univ Sci & Technol, 217 Gajeong Ro, Daejeon 34113, South Korea; [Gould, A.; Zhu, W.; Pogge, R. W.; Poleski, R.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Astron, 140 W 18th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Gould, A.] Max Planck Inst Astron, Konigstuhl 17, D-69117 Heidelberg, Germany; [Han, C.] Chungbuk Natl Univ, Dept Phys, Cheongju 28644, South Korea; [Jung, Y. K.; Shin, I. -G.; Yee, J. C.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Lee, Y.] Kyung Hee Univ, Sch Space Res, Yongin 17104, Kyeonggi, South Korea; [Beichman, C.; Henderson, C. B.] CALTECH, IPAC NExScI, Mail Code 100-22,1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Novati, S. Calchi] CALTECH, IPAC, Mail Code 100-22,1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Penny, M. T.] Vanderbilt Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, PMB 401807,2301 Vanderbilt Pl, Nashville, TN 37235 USA	Hwang, KH (corresponding author), Korea Astron & Space Sci Inst, Daejon 34055, South Korea.		Szymanski, Michal Krzysztof/X-5627-2019; Kozlowski, Szymon/G-4799-2013; Szymanski, Michal K/H-6951-2018; Skowron, Jan/M-5186-2014	Szymanski, Michal Krzysztof/0000-0002-0548-8995; Kozlowski, Szymon/0000-0003-4084-880X; Szymanski, Michal K/0000-0002-0548-8995; Skowron, Jan/0000-0002-2335-1730; Kim, Hyoun Woo/0000-0001-8263-1006; Ulaczyk, Krzysztof/0000-0001-6364-408X; Penny, Matthew/0000-0001-7506-5640; ZHU, WEI/0000-0003-4027-4711; LEE, Yongseok/0000-0001-7594-8072; Lee, Chung-Uk/0000-0003-0043-3925; Soszynski, Igor/0000-0002-7777-0842; , Yossi/0000-0003-1525-5041; Bryden, Geoffrey/0000-0001-5966-837X; Henderson, Calen/0000-0001-8877-9060; Udalski, Andrzej/0000-0001-5207-5619; Pawlak, Michal/0000-0002-5632-9433; Albrow, Michael/0000-0003-3316-4012	US NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1516842]; JPL grant [1500811]; National Research Foundation of KoreaNational Research Foundation of Korea [2017R1A4A1015178]; National Science Centre, Poland [MAESTRO 2014/14/A/ST9/00121]; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	Work by W.Z., Y.K.J., and A.G. was supported by AST-1516842 from the US NSF. W.Z., I.G.S., and A. G. were supported by JPL grant 1500811. Work by C.H. was supported by the grant (2017R1A4A1015178) of National Research Foundation of Korea. This research has made use of the KMTNet system operated by the Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute (KASI) and the data were obtained at three host sites of CTIO in Chile, SAAO in South Africa, and SSO in Australia. The OGLE project has received funding from the National Science Centre, Poland, grant MAESTRO 2014/14/A/ST9/00121 to AU. Work by Y.S. was supported by an appointment to the NASA Postdoctoral Program at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, administered by Universities Space Research Association through a contract with NASA. The United Kingdom Infrared Telescope (UKIRT) is supported by NASA and operated under an agreement among the University of Hawaii, the University of Arizona, and Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center; operations are enabled through the cooperation of the Joint Astronomy Centre of the Science and Technology Facilities Council of the U.K.		53	19	19	0	5	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	0004-6256	1538-3881		ASTRON J	Astron. J.	JAN	2018	155	1							20	10.3847/1538-3881/aa992f			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FQ2BL	WOS:000418161500002					2020-09-09	
J	Jensen-Clem, R; Duev, DA; Riddle, R; Salama, M; Baranec, C; Law, NM; Kulkarni, SR; Ramprakash, AN				Jensen-Clem, Rebecca; Duev, Dmitry A.; Riddle, Reed; Salama, Maissa; Baranec, Christoph; Law, Nicholas M.; Kulkarni, S. R.; Ramprakash, A. N.			The Performance of the Robo-AO Laser Guide Star Adaptive Optics System at the Kitt Peak 2.1 m Telescope	ASTRONOMICAL JOURNAL			English	Article						instrumentation: adaptive optics; instrumentation: detectors; techniques: image processing		Robo-AO is an autonomous laser guide star adaptive optics (AO) system recently commissioned at the Kitt Peak 2.1 m telescope. With the ability to observe every clear night, Robo-AO at the 2.1 m telescope is the first dedicated AO observatory. This paper presents the imaging performance of the AO system in its first 18 months of operations. For a median seeing value of 1 44, the average Strehl ratio is 4% in the i' band. After post processing, the contrast ratio under sub-arcsecond seeing for a 2 <= i' <= 16 primary star is five and seven magnitudes at radial offsets of 0 5 and 1 0, respectively. The data processing and archiving pipelines run automatically at the end of each night. The first stage of the processing pipeline shifts and adds the rapid frame rate data using techniques optimized for different signal-to-noise ratios. The second "high-contrast" stage of the pipeline is eponymously well suited to finding faint stellar companions. Currently, a range of scientific programs, including the synthetic tracking of near-Earth asteroids, the binarity of stars in young clusters, and weather on solar system planets are being undertaken with Robo-AO.	[Jensen-Clem, Rebecca] Univ Calif Berkeley, Astron Dept, 601 Campbell Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Duev, Dmitry A.; Riddle, Reed; Kulkarni, S. R.] CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Salama, Maissa; Baranec, Christoph] Univ Hawaii Manoa, Inst Astron, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Law, Nicholas M.] Univ North Carolina Chapel Hill, Dept Phys & Astron, Chapel Hill, NC 27599 USA; [Ramprakash, A. N.] Interuniv Ctr Astron & Astrophys, Savitribai Phule Pune Univ Campus, Pune 411007, Maharashtra, India	Jensen-Clem, R (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Astron Dept, 601 Campbell Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.		Duev, Dmitry/AAI-9214-2020	Duev, Dmitry/0000-0001-5060-8733; Baranec, Christoph/0000-0002-1917-9157; Riddle, Reed/0000-0002-0387-370X	John Templeton Foundation; Mt. Cuba Astronomical Foundation; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-0906060, AST-0960343, AST-1207891]; IUCAA; Alfred P. Sloan FoundationAlfred P. Sloan Foundation	The Robo-AO team thanks NSF and NOAO for making the Kitt Peak 2.1 m telescope available. We would like to thank Richard R. Treffers (Starman Systems, LLC) for his contribution to the upgrade of the 2.1 m Telescope Control System (TCS). We thank the observatory staff at Kitt Peak for their efforts to assist Robo-AO KP operations. Robo-AO KP is a partnership between the California Institute of Technology, the University of Hawai'i, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics (IUCAA) at Pune, India, and the National Central University, Taiwan. The Murty family feels very happy to have added a small value to this important project. Robo-AO KP is also supported by grants from the John Templeton Foundation and the Mt. Cuba Astronomical Foundation. The Robo-AO instrument was developed with support from the National Science Foundation under grants AST-0906060, AST-0960343, and AST-1207891, IUCAA, the Mt.. Cuba Astronomical Foundation, and by a gift from Samuel Oschin. These data are based on observations at Kitt Peak National Observatory, National Optical Astronomy Observatory (NOAO Prop. ID: 15B-3001), which is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA) under cooperative agreement with the National Science Foundation. C.B. acknowledges support from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.		26	13	13	1	1	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	0004-6256	1538-3881		ASTRON J	Astron. J.	JAN	2018	155	1							32	10.3847/1538-3881/aa9be6			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FQ7MO	WOS:000418546800006		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Jensen-Clem, R; Mawet, D; Gonzalez, CAG; Absil, O; Belikov, R; Currie, T; Kenworthy, MA; Marois, C; Mazoyer, J; Ruane, G; Tanner, A; Cantalloube, F				Jensen-Clem, Rebecca; Mawet, Dimitri; Gonzalez, Carlos A. Gomez; Absil, Olivier; Belikov, Ruslan; Currie, Thayne; Kenworthy, Matthew A.; Marois, Christian; Mazoyer, Johan; Ruane, Garreth; Tanner, Angelle; Cantalloube, Faustine			A New Standard for Assessing the Performance of High Contrast Imaging Systems	ASTRONOMICAL JOURNAL			English	Article						methods: statistical; techniques: high angular resolution	PLANET DETECTION; SPECKLE NOISE; DYNAMIC-RANGE; LIMITS	As planning for the next generation of high contrast imaging instruments (e.g., WFIRST, HabEx, and LUVOIR, TMT-PFI, EELT-EPICS) matures and second-generation ground-based extreme adaptive optics facilities (e.g., VLT-SPHERE, Gemini-GPI) finish their principal surveys, it is imperative that the performance of different designs, post-processing algorithms, observing strategies, and survey results be compared in a consistent, statistically robust framework. In this paper, we argue that the current industry standard for such comparisons-the contrast curve-falls short of this mandate. We propose a new figure of merit, the "performance map,"that incorporates three fundamental concepts in signal detection theory: the true positive fraction, the false positive fraction, and the detection threshold. By supplying a theoretical basis and recipe for generating the performance map, we hope to encourage the widespread adoption of this new metric across subfields in exoplanet imaging.	[Jensen-Clem, Rebecca] Univ Calif Berkeley, Astron Dept, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri; Ruane, Garreth] CALTECH, Dept Astrophys, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91101 USA; [Gonzalez, Carlos A. Gomez; Absil, Olivier] Univ Liege, Space Sci Technol & Astrophys Res STAR Inst, 19 Allee 6 Aout, B-4000 Liege, Belgium; [Gonzalez, Carlos A. Gomez] Univ Grenoble Alpes, IPAG, F-38000 Grenoble, France; [Belikov, Ruslan] NASA, Ames Res Ctr, Moffett Blvd, Moffett Field, CA 94035 USA; [Currie, Thayne] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Kenworthy, Matthew A.] Leiden Univ, Leiden Observ, POB 9513, NL-2300 RA Leiden, Netherlands; [Marois, Christian] Natl Res Council Canada Herzberg, 5071 West Saanich Rd, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada; [Marois, Christian] Univ Victoria, 3800 Finnerty Rd, Victoria, BC V8P 5C2, Canada; [Mazoyer, Johan] Johns Hopkins Univ, Zanvyl Krieger Sch Arts & Sci, Bloomberg Ctr Phys & Astron, Dept Phys & Astron, 3400 North Charles St, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Mazoyer, Johan] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Tanner, Angelle] Mississippi State Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Hilbun Hall, Starkville, MS 39762 USA; [Cantalloube, Faustine] Max Planck Inst Astron, Konigstuhl 17, D-69117 Heidelberg, Germany	Jensen-Clem, R (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Astron Dept, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.		Ruane, Garreth/A-5997-2013	Ruane, Garreth/0000-0003-4769-1665; Marois, Christian/0000-0002-4164-4182; Absil, Olivier/0000-0002-4006-6237; Kenworthy, Matthew/0000-0002-7064-8270; Mazoyer, Johan/0000-0002-9133-3091; Gomez Gonzalez, Carlos Alberto/0000-0003-2050-1710	Keck Institute for Space Studies; NASA Exoplanet Exploration Program Study Analysis Group [19]; National Science Foundation Graduate Research FellowshipNational Science Foundation (NSF) [DGE-1144469]; NSF Astronomy and Astrophysics Postdoctoral FellowshipNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1602444]; European Research Council Under the European Union's Seventh Framework Program (ERC Grant) [337569]; French Community of Belgium through an ARC grant for Concerted Research Action	This work has been supported by the Keck Institute for Space Studies and the NASA Exoplanet Exploration Program Study Analysis Group #19: Exoplanet Imaging Signal Detection Theory and Rigorous Contrast Metrics. This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship under grant No. DGE-1144469. G.R. is supported by an NSF Astronomy and Astrophysics Postdoctoral Fellowship under award AST-1602444. C.G.G. and O.A. ackowledge funding from the European Research Council Under the European Union's Seventh Framework Program (ERC Grant Agreement No. 337569) and from the French Community of Belgium through an ARC grant for Concerted Research Action.		40	14	14	0	3	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	0004-6256	1538-3881		ASTRON J	Astron. J.	JAN	2018	155	1							19	10.3847/1538-3881/aa97e4			8	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FQ2BL	WOS:000418161500001		Green Accepted, Green Published			2020-09-09	
J	Ryu, YH; Yee, JC; Udalski, A; Bond, IA; Shvartzvald, Y; Zang, W; Jaimes, RF; Jorgensen, UG; Zhu, W; Huang, CX; Jung, YK; Albrow, MD; Chung, SJ; Gould, A; Han, C; Hwang, KH; Shin, IG; Cha, SM; Kim, DJ; Kim, HW; Kim, SL; Lee, CU; Lee, DJ; Lee, Y; Park, BG; Pogge, RW; Novati, SC; Carey, S; Henderson, CB; Beichman, C; Gaudi, BS; Mroz, P; Poleski, R; Skowron, J; Szymanski, MK; Soszynski, I; Kozlowski, S; Pietrukowicz, P; Ulaczyk, K; Pawlak, M; Abe, F; Asakura, Y; Barry, R; Bennett, DP; Bhattacharya, A; Donachie, M; Evans, P; Fukui, A; Hirao, Y; Itow, Y; Kawasaki, K; Koshimoto, N; Li, MCA; Ling, CH; Masuda, K; Matsubara, Y; Miyazaki, S; Muraki, Y; Nagakane, M; Ohnishi, K; Ranc, C; Rattenbury, NJ; Saito, T; Sharan, A; Sullivan, DJ; Sumi, T; Suzuki, D; Tristram, PJ; Yamada, T; Yamada, T; Yonehara, A; Bryden, G; Howell, SB; Jacklin, S; Penny, MT; Mao, S; Fouque, P; Wang, T; Street, RA; Tsapras, Y; Hundertmark, M; Bachelet, E; Dominik, M; Li, Z; Cross, S; Cassan, A; Horne, K; Schmidt, R; Wambsganss, J; Ment, SK; Maoz, D; Snodgrass, C; Steele, IA; Bozza, V; Burgdorf, MJ; Ciceri, S; D'Ago, G; Evans, DF; Hinse, TC; Kerins, E; Kokotanekova, R; Longa, P; MacKenzie, J; Popovas, A; Rabus, M; Rahvar, S; Sajadian, S; Skottfelt, J; Southworth, J; von Essen, C				Ryu, Y. -H.; Yee, J. C.; Udalski, A.; Bond, I. A.; Shvartzvald, Y.; Zang, W.; Jaimes, R. Figuera; Jorgensen, U. G.; Zhu, W.; Huang, C. X.; Jung, Y. K.; Albrow, M. D.; Chung, S. -J.; Gould, A.; Han, C.; Hwang, K. -H.; Shin, I. -G.; Cha, S. -M.; Kim, D. -J.; Kim, H. -W.; Kim, S. -L.; Lee, C. -U.; Lee, D. -J.; Lee, Y.; Park, B. -G.; Pogge, R. W.; Novati, S. Calchi; Carey, S.; Henderson, C. B.; Beichman, C.; Gaudi, B. S.; Mroz, P.; Poleski, R.; Skowron, J.; Szymanski, M. K.; Soszynski, I.; Kozlowski, S.; Pietrukowicz, P.; Ulaczyk, K.; Pawlak, M.; Abe, F.; Asakura, Y.; Barry, R.; Bennett, D. P.; Bhattacharya, A.; Donachie, M.; Evans, P.; Fukui, A.; Hirao, Y.; Itow, Y.; Kawasaki, K.; Koshimoto, N.; Li, M. C. A.; Ling, C. H.; Masuda, K.; Matsubara, Y.; Miyazaki, S.; Muraki, Y.; Nagakane, M.; Ohnishi, K.; Ranc, C.; Rattenbury, N. J.; Saito, To; Sharan, A.; Sullivan, D. J.; Sumi, T.; Suzuki, D.; Tristram, P. J.; Yamada, T.; Yamada, T.; Yonehara, A.; Bryden, G.; Howell, S. B.; Jacklin, S.; Penny, M. T.; Mao, S.; Fouque, Pascal; Wang, T.; Street, R. A.; Tsapras, Y.; Hundertmark, M.; Bachelet, E.; Dominik, M.; Li, Z.; Cross, S.; Cassan, A.; Horne, K.; Schmidt, R.; Wambsganss, J.; Ment, S. K.; Maoz, D.; Snodgrass, C.; Steele, I. A.; Bozza, V.; Burgdorf, M. J.; Ciceri, S.; D'Ago, G.; Evans, D. F.; Hinse, T. C.; Kerins, E.; Kokotanekova, R.; Longa, P.; MacKenzie, J.; Popovas, A.; Rabus, M.; Rahvar, S.; Sajadian, S.; Skottfelt, J.; Southworth, J.; von Essen, C.		KMTNet Collaboration; Spitzer Team; OGLE Collaboration; MOA Collaboration; UKIRT Microlensing Team; CFHT-K2C9 Microlensing Survey Grp; RoboNet Team; MiNDSTEp Team	OGLE-2016-BLG-1190Lb: The First Spitzer Bulge Planet Lies Near the Planet/Brown-dwarf Boundary	ASTRONOMICAL JOURNAL			English	Article						gravitational lensing: micro	GRAVITATIONAL LENSING EXPERIMENT; MAGNIFICATION MICROLENSING EVENTS; JUPITER/SATURN ANALOG; MASS PLANET; EARTH-MASS; GAS GIANTS; PHOTOMETRY; SYSTEMS; STARS; DISCOVERY	We report the discovery of OGLE-2016-BLG-1190Lb, which is likely to be the first Spitzer microlensing planet in the Galactic bulge/ bar, an assignation that can be confirmed by two epochs of high-resolution imaging of the combined source-lens baseline object. The planet's mass, M-p = 13.4 +/- 0.9 M-J, places it right at the deuteriumburning limit, i. e., the conventional boundary between "planets" and "brown dwarfs." Its existence raises the question of whether such objects are really " planets" (formed within the disks of their hosts) or "failed stars" (lowmass objects formed by gas fragmentation). This question may ultimately be addressed by comparing disk and bulge/bar planets, which is a goal of the Spitzer microlens program. The host is a G dwarf, M-host = 0.89. +/- 0.07 M-circle dot, and the planet has a semimajor axis a similar to 2.0 au. We use Kepler K2 Campaign 9 microlensing data to break the lens-mass degeneracy that generically impacts parallax solutions from Earth-Spitzer observations alone, which is the first successful application of this approach. The microlensing data, derived primarily from near-continuous, ultradense survey observations from OGLE, MOA, and three KMTNet telescopes, contain more orbital information than for any previous microlensing planet, but not quite enough to accurately specify the full orbit. However, these data do permit the first rigorous test of microlensing orbital-motion measurements, which are typically derived from data taken over < 1% of an orbital period.	[Ryu, Y. -H.; Chung, S. -J.; Gould, A.; Hwang, K. -H.; Cha, S. -M.; Kim, D. -J.; Kim, H. -W.; Kim, S. -L.; Lee, C. -U.; Lee, D. -J.; Lee, Y.; Park, B. -G.; Hinse, T. C.] Korea Astron & Space Sci Inst, Daejon 34055, South Korea; [Yee, J. C.; Jung, Y. K.; Shin, I. -G.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Udalski, A.; Mroz, P.; Poleski, R.; Skowron, J.; Szymanski, M. K.; Soszynski, I.; Kozlowski, S.; Pietrukowicz, P.; Ulaczyk, K.; Pawlak, M.] Univ Warsaw Observ, Al Ujazdowskie 4, PL-00478 Warsaw, Poland; [Bond, I. A.; Ling, C. H.] Massey Univ, Inst Nat & Math Sci, Auckland 0745, New Zealand; [Shvartzvald, Y.; Bryden, G.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Zang, W.; Mao, S.; Wang, T.] Tsinghua Univ, Phys Dept, Beijing 100084, Peoples R China; [Zang, W.; Mao, S.; Wang, T.] Tsinghua Univ, Tsinghua Ctr Astrophys, Beijing 100084, Peoples R China; [Zang, W.] Zhejiang Univ, Dept Phys, Hangzhou 310058, Zhejiang, Peoples R China; [Jaimes, R. Figuera; Dominik, M.; Horne, K.] Univ St Andrews, SUPA Sch Phys & Astron, Ctr Exoplanet Sci, St Andrews KY16 9SS, Fife, Scotland; [Jaimes, R. Figuera] European Southern Observ, Karl Schwarzschild Str 2, D-85748 Garching, Germany; [Jorgensen, U. G.; Hundertmark, M.; MacKenzie, J.; Popovas, A.] Univ Copenhagen, Niels Bohr Inst, Oster Voldgade 5, DK-1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark; [Jorgensen, U. G.; Hundertmark, M.; MacKenzie, J.; Popovas, A.] Univ Copenhagen, Ctr Star & Planet Format, Oster Voldgade 5, DK-1350 Copenhagen K, Denmark; [Zhu, W.; Gould, A.; Pogge, R. W.; Gaudi, B. S.; Poleski, R.; Penny, M. T.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Astron, 140 W 18th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Huang, C. X.] MIT, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Huang, C. X.] MIT, Kavli Inst Astrophys & Space Res, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Huang, C. X.] Univ Toronto, Dunlap Inst Astron & Astrophys, Toronto, ON M5S 3H4, Canada; [Huang, C. X.] Univ Toronto, Ctr Planetary Sci, Scarborough Campus Phys & Environm Sci, Toronto, ON M1C 1A4, Canada; [Albrow, M. D.] Univ Canterbury, Dept Phys & Astron, Private Bag 4800, Christchurch 8020, New Zealand; [Chung, S. -J.; Kim, S. -L.; Lee, C. -U.; Park, B. -G.] Korea Univ Sci & Technol, 217 Gajeong Ro, Daejeon 34113, South Korea; [Gould, A.] Max Planck Inst Astron, Konigstuhl 17, D-69117 Heidelberg, Germany; [Han, C.] Chungbuk Natl Univ, Dept Phys, Cheongju 28644, South Korea; [Cha, S. -M.; Lee, Y.] Kyung Hee Univ, Sch Space Res, Yongin 17104, Kyeonggi, South Korea; [Novati, S. Calchi] CALTECH, IPAC, Mail Code 100-22,1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Novati, S. Calchi; Bozza, V.] Univ Salerno, Dipartimento Fis ER Caianiello, Via Giovanni Paolo 2, I-84084 Fisciano, SA, Italy; [Carey, S.] CALTECH, Spitzer Sci Ctr, MS 220-6, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Henderson, C. B.; Beichman, C.] CALTECH, NASA Exoplanet Sci Inst, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Abe, F.; Asakura, Y.; Bhattacharya, A.; Itow, Y.; Masuda, K.; Matsubara, Y.; Muraki, Y.] Nagoya Univ, Inst Space Earth Environm Res, Nagoya, Aichi 4648601, Japan; [Barry, R.; Bennett, D. P.; Ranc, C.; Suzuki, D.] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Code 667, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Donachie, M.; Evans, P.; Li, M. C. A.; Rattenbury, N. J.; Sharan, A.] Univ Auckland, Dept Phys, Private Bag 92019, Auckland, New Zealand; [Fukui, A.] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Okayama Astrophys Observ, 3037-5 Honjo, Asakuchi, Okayama 7190232, Japan; [Hirao, Y.; Kawasaki, K.; Koshimoto, N.; Miyazaki, S.; Nagakane, M.; Sumi, T.; Yamada, T.] Osaka Univ, Grad Sch Sci, Dept Earth & Space Sci, Toyonaka, Osaka 5600043, Japan; [Ohnishi, K.] Nagano Natl Coll Technol, Nagano 3818550, Japan; [Saito, To] Tokyo Metropolitan Coll Aeronaut, Tokyo 1168523, Japan; [Sullivan, D. J.] Victoria Univ, Sch Chem & Phys Sci, Wellington, New Zealand; [Suzuki, D.] Japan Aerosp Explorat Agcy, Inst Space & Astronaut Sci, Kanagawa 2525210, Japan; [Tristram, P. J.] Univ Canterbury Mt John Observ, POB 56, Lake Tekapo 8770, New Zealand; [Yamada, T.; Yonehara, A.] Kyoto Sangyo Univ, Dept Phys, Fac Sci, Kyoto 6038555, Japan; [Howell, S. B.] NASA, Ames Res Ctr, Kepler & K2 Miss, POB 1,M-S 244-30, Moffett Field, CA 94035 USA; [Jacklin, S.] Vanderbilt Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Nashville, TN 37235 USA; [Mao, S.] Chinese Acad Sci, Natl Astron Observ, A20 Datun Rd, Beijing 100012, Peoples R China; [Mao, S.; Kerins, E.] Univ Manchester, Jodrell Bank Ctr Astrophys, Alan Turing Bldg, Manchester M13 9PL, Lancs, England; [Fouque, Pascal] CFHT Corp, 65-1238 Mamalahoa Highway, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA; [Fouque, Pascal] Univ Toulouse, UPS OMP, IRAP, Toulouse, France; [Street, R. A.; Bachelet, E.; Li, Z.; Cross, S.] Global Telescope Network, Cumbres Observ, 6740 Cortona Dr,Suite 102, Goleta, CA 93117 USA; [Tsapras, Y.; Hundertmark, M.; Schmidt, R.; Wambsganss, J.; Ment, S. K.] Heidelberg Univ, Zentrum Astron, Astron Rechen Inst, Monchhofstr 12-14, D-69120 Heidelberg, Germany; [Cassan, A.] UPMC Univ Paris 6, Sorbonne Univ, 98 Bis Bd Arago, F-75014 Paris, France; [Cassan, A.] CNRS, UMR 7095, Inst Astrophys Paris, 98 Bis Bd Arago, F-75014 Paris, France; [Maoz, D.] Tel Aviv Univ, Sch Phys & Astron, IL-69978 Tel Aviv, Israel; [Snodgrass, C.] Open Univ, Dept Phys Sci, Planetary & Space Sci, Milton Keynes MK7 6AA, Bucks, England; [Steele, I. A.] Liverpool John Moores Univ, Astrophys Res Inst, Liverpool CH41 1LD, Merseyside, England; [Bozza, V.] Ist Nazl Fis Nucl, Sez Napoli, Naples, Italy; [Burgdorf, M. J.] Univ Hamburg, Meteorol Inst, Dept Earth Sci, Fac Math Informat & Nat Sci, Bundesstr 55, D-20146 Hamburg, Germany; [Ciceri, S.] Stockholm Univ, AlbaNova Univ Ctr, Dept Astron, SE-10691 Stockholm, Sweden; [D'Ago, G.] INAF Osservatorio Astron Capodimonte, Salita Moiariello 16, I-80131 Naples, Italy; [Evans, D. F.; Southworth, J.] Keele Univ, Astrophys Grp, Keele ST5 5BG, Staffs, England; [Kokotanekova, R.] Max Planck Inst Solar Syst Res, Justus von Liebig Weg 3, D-37077 Gottingen, Germany; [Kokotanekova, R.] Open Univ, Sch Phys Sci, Fac Sci Technol Engn & Math, Walton Hall, Milton Keynes MK7 6AA, Bucks, England; [Longa, P.] Univ Antofagasta, Unidad Astron, Fac Ciencias Basicas, Avda Antofagasta, Antofagasta 02800, Chile; [Rabus, M.] Pontificia Univ Catolica Chile, Inst Astrofis, Ave Vicuna Mackenna 4860, Santiago 7820436, Chile; [Rahvar, S.] Sharif Univ Technol, Dept Phys, POB 11155-9161, Tehran, Iran; [Sajadian, S.] Isfahan Univ Technol, Dept Phys, Esfahan 841568311, Iran; [Skottfelt, J.] Open Univ, Dept Phys Sci, Ctr Elect Imaging, Milton Keynes MK7 6AA, Bucks, England; [von Essen, C.] Aarhus Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Stellar Astrophys Ctr, Ny Munkegade 120, DK-8000 Aarhus C, Denmark	Bennett, DP (corresponding author), NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Code 667, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA.	david.bennett@nasa.gov	Kozlowski, Szymon/G-4799-2013; Hinse, Tobias/W-5579-2018; Burgdorf, Martin/H-5576-2019; D'Ago, Giuseppe/AAF-3247-2019; Popovas, Andrius/L-9195-2015; Szymanski, Michal K/H-6951-2018; D'Ago, Giuseppe/N-8318-2016; Ranc, Clement/B-1958-2016; Rahvar, Sohrab/L-7544-2019; Rahvar, Sohrab/M-9780-2019; Skowron, Jan/M-5186-2014; Szymanski, Michal Krzysztof/X-5627-2019	Kozlowski, Szymon/0000-0003-4084-880X; Hinse, Tobias/0000-0001-8870-3146; D'Ago, Giuseppe/0000-0001-9697-7331; Popovas, Andrius/0000-0003-4436-0764; Szymanski, Michal K/0000-0002-0548-8995; D'Ago, Giuseppe/0000-0001-9697-7331; Ranc, Clement/0000-0003-2388-4534; Rahvar, Sohrab/0000-0002-7084-5725; Skowron, Jan/0000-0002-2335-1730; Szymanski, Michal Krzysztof/0000-0002-0548-8995; Tsapras, Yiannis/0000-0001-8411-351X; Lee, Chung-Uk/0000-0003-0043-3925; Burgdorf, Martin/0000-0002-5854-4217; Udalski, Andrzej/0000-0001-5207-5619; Penny, Matthew/0000-0001-7506-5640; Soszynski, Igor/0000-0002-7777-0842; LEE, Yongseok/0000-0001-7594-8072; Carey, Sean/0000-0002-0221-6871; ZHU, WEI/0000-0003-4027-4711; Kokotanekova, Rosita/0000-0003-4617-8878; Pawlak, Michal/0000-0002-5632-9433; Bryden, Geoffrey/0000-0001-5966-837X; , Yossi/0000-0003-1525-5041; Dominik, Martin/0000-0002-3202-0343; Snodgrass, Colin/0000-0001-9328-2905; Calchi Novati, Sebastiano/0000-0002-7669-1069; Ulaczyk, Krzysztof/0000-0001-6364-408X; Kim, Hyoun Woo/0000-0001-8263-1006; Rabus, Markus/0000-0003-2935-7196; Skottfelt, Jesper/0000-0003-1310-8283; Henderson, Calen/0000-0001-8877-9060	US NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1516842]; JPL [1500811]; National Research Foundation of KoreaNational Research Foundation of Korea [2017R1A4A101517]; National Science Centre, Poland, MAESTRO [2014/14/A/ST9/00121]; JSPS KAKENHIMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of ScienceGrants-in-Aid for Scientific Research (KAKENHI) [JSPS24253004, JSPS26247023, JSPS23340064, JSPS15H00781, JP16H06287]; NASA Postdoctoral Program at the Goddard Space Flight Center; NASA Postdoctoral Program at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology; NASA and operated under an agreement among the University of Hawaii; University of Arizona, and Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center; Joint Astronomy Centre of the Science and Technology Facilities Council of the UK; NASA HQ for the UKIRT K2 C9; National Astronomical Observatories of China; Chinese Academy of Sciences (the Strategic Priority Research Program "The Emergence of Cosmological Structures") [XDB09000000]; Special Fund for Astronomy from the Ministry of Finance; NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX16AC62G]; National Science Foundation of ChinaNational Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) [11333003, 11390372]; STFCScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC) [ST/M001296/1];  [INSF-95843339]	The work by W.Z., Y.K.J., and A.G. were supported by AST-1516842 from the US NSF. W.Z., I.G.S., and A.G. were supported by JPL grant 1500811. This research has made use of the KMTNet system operated by the Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute (KASI) and the data were obtained at three host sites of CTIO in Chile, SAAO in South Africa, and SSO in Australia. The work by C.H. was supported by the grant (2017R1A4A101517) of National Research Foundation of Korea. The OGLE project has received funding from the National Science Centre, Poland, grant MAESTRO 2014/14/A/ST9/00121 to A.U. The MOA project is supported by JSPS KAKENHI Grant Number JSPS24253004, JSPS26247023, JSPS23340064, JSPS15H00781, and JP16H06287. The work by C.R. was supported by an appointment to the NASA Postdoctoral Program at the Goddard Space Flight Center, administered by USRA through a contract with NASA. The work by Y.S. was supported by an appointment to the NASA Postdoctoral Program at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, administered by the Universities Space Research Association through a contract with NASA. The United Kingdom Infrared Telescope (UKIRT) is supported by NASA and operated under an agreement among the University of Hawaii, the University of Arizona, and Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center; operations are enabled through the cooperation of the Joint Astronomy Centre of the Science and Technology Facilities Council of the UK. We acknowledge the support from NASA HQ for the UKIRT observations in connection with K2 C9. This research uses data obtained through the Telescope Access Program (TAP), which has been funded by the National Astronomical Observatories of China, the Chinese Academy of Sciences (the Strategic Priority Research Program "The Emergence of Cosmological Structures" grant No. XDB09000000), and the Special Fund for Astronomy from the Ministry of Finance. Based on observations obtained with MegaPrime/MegaCam, a joint project of CFHT and CEA/DAPNIA, at the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT) which is operated by the National Research Council (NRC) of Canada, the Institut National des Science de l'Univers of the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) of France, and the University of Hawaii. This work was performed in part under contract with the California Institute of Technology (Caltech)/Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) funded by NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program executed by the NASA Exoplanet Science Institute. The work by M.T.P. and B.S.G. was supported by NASA grant NNX16AC62G. This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation of China (grant No. 11333003, 11390372 to S. M.). K.H. acknowledges support from STFC grant ST/M001296/1. This work makes use of observations from the LCOGT network, which includes three SUPAscopes owned by the University of St. Andrews. The RoboNet programme is an LCO Key Project using time allocations from the University of St. Andrews, LCOGT, and the University of Heidelberg together with time on the Liverpool Telescope through the Science and Technology Facilities Council (STFC), UK. This research has made use of the LCO Archive, which is operated by the California Institute of Technology, under contract with the Las Cumbres Observatory. The work by S.R. and S.S. was supported by INSF-95843339.		89	19	19	0	4	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	0004-6256	1538-3881		ASTRON J	Astron. J.	JAN	2018	155	1							40	10.3847/1538-3881/aa9be4			24	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FR5MG	WOS:000419110000004		Green Accepted, Green Published			2020-09-09	
J	Wakeford, HR; Sing, DK; Deming, D; Lewis, NK; Goyal, J; Wilson, TJ; Barstow, J; Kataria, T; Drummond, B; Evans, TM; Carter, AL; Nikolov, N; Knutson, HA; Ballester, GE; Mandell, AM				Wakeford, H. R.; Sing, D. K.; Deming, D.; Lewis, N. K.; Goyal, J.; Wilson, T. J.; Barstow, J.; Kataria, T.; Drummond, B.; Evans, T. M.; Carter, A. L.; Nikolov, N.; Knutson, H. A.; Ballester, G. E.; Mandell, A. M.			The Complete Transmission Spectrum of WASP-39b with a Precise Water Constraint	ASTRONOMICAL JOURNAL			English	Article						planets and satellites: atmospheres; planets and satellites: individual (WASP-39b); techniques: spectroscopic	GENERAL-CIRCULATION MODEL; ATMOSPHERIC CIRCULATION; THERMAL STRUCTURE; HD 189733B; EXOPLANET; INFERENCE; CLOUDS; PLANET; CLEAR	WASP-39b is a hot Saturn-mass exoplanet with a predicted clear atmosphere based on observations in the optical and infrared. Here, we complete the transmission spectrum of the atmosphere with observations in the near-infrared (NIR) over three water absorption features with the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) Wide Field Camera 3 (WFC3) G102 (0.8-1.1 mu m) and G141 (1.1-1.7 mu m) spectroscopic grisms. We measure the predicted high-amplitude H2O feature centered at 1.4 mu m and the smaller amplitude features at 0.95 and 1.2 mu m, with a maximum water absorption amplitude of 2.4 planetary scale heights. We incorporate these new NIR measurements into previously published observational measurements to complete the transmission spectrum from 0.3 to 5 mu m. From these observed water features, combined with features in the optical and IR, we retrieve a well constrained temperature T-eq = 1030(20)(+30) K, and atmospheric metallicity 151(46) (+48) solar, which is relatively high with respect to the currently established mass-metallicity trends. This new measurement in the Saturn-mass range hints at further diversity in the planet formation process relative to our solar system giants.	[Wakeford, H. R.; Sing, D. K.; Goyal, J.; Wilson, T. J.; Drummond, B.; Evans, T. M.; Carter, A. L.; Nikolov, N.] Univ Exeter, Astrophys Grp, Phys Bldg,Stocker Rd, Exeter EX4 4QL, Devon, England; [Wakeford, H. R.; Lewis, N. K.] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Deming, D.] Univ Maryland, Dept Astron, College Pk, MD 20742 USA; [Lewis, N. K.] Johns Hopkins Univ, Dept Earth & Planetary Sci, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Barstow, J.] UCL, London, England; [Kataria, T.] NASA, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Knutson, H. A.] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Ballester, G. E.] Univ Arizona, Lunar & Planetary Lab, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Mandell, A. M.] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA	Wakeford, HR (corresponding author), Univ Exeter, Astrophys Grp, Phys Bldg,Stocker Rd, Exeter EX4 4QL, Devon, England.; Wakeford, HR (corresponding author), Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA.	stellarplanet@gmail.com	Wakeford, Hannah/H-7883-2018	Wakeford, Hannah/0000-0003-4328-3867; Drummond, Benjamin/0000-0001-7589-5484; Barstow, Joanna/0000-0003-3726-5419; Kataria, Tiffany/0000-0003-3759-9080; Carter, Aarynn/0000-0001-5365-4815; Wilson, Tom J/0000-0001-6352-9735; Mikal-Evans, Thomas/0000-0001-5442-1300; Sing, David/0000-0001-6050-7645; Goyal, Jayesh/0000-0002-8515-7204; Mandell, Avi/0000-0002-8119-3355	European Research Council (ERC) under the European Unions Seventh Framework Programme (FP7)/ERC grant [336792]; Leverhulme TrustLeverhulme Trust; STFCScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC); Giacconi Fellowship at the Space Telescope Science Institute by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc.;  [GO-14169];  [GO-14260]	The authors thank K. B. Stevenson for useful discussions on the data analysis. This work is based on observations made with the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope that were obtained at the Space Telescope Science Institute, which is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc. These observations are associated with programs GO-14169 (PI. HR Wakeford) and GO-14260 (PI. D Deming). D.K.S., H.R.W., T.E., B. D., and N.N., acknowledge funding from the European Research Council (ERC) under the European Unions Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007-2013)/ERC grant agreement no. 336792. J.G. acknowledges support from Leverhulme Trust. A.L.C. acknowledges support from the STFC. H.R.W. also acknowledges support from the Giacconi Fellowship at the Space Telescope Science Institute, which is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc. This research has made use of NASA's Astrophysics Data System, and components of the IDL astronomy library, and the Python modules SciPy, NumPy, and Matplotlib. Many thanks go to the crew of STS-125 HST servicing mission 4, for fixing HST and for installing WFC3 over a period of 5 EVAs that took a total of 36 hr 56 minutes, almost matching the total exposure time taken by these observations. Also, thank you to Mac Time machine without which this project would not have been possible, due to multiple moves and hard-drive failures.		66	39	39	0	1	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	0004-6256	1538-3881		ASTRON J	Astron. J.	JAN	2018	155	1							29	10.3847/1538-3881/aa9e4e			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FQ7MO	WOS:000418546800003		Green Accepted, Green Published			2020-09-09	
J	Venuti, L; Prisinzano, L; Sacco, GG; Flaccomio, E; Bonito, R; Damiani, F; Micela, G; Guarcello, MG; Randich, S; Stauffer, JR; Cody, AM; Jeffries, RD; Alencar, SHP; Alfaro, EJ; Lanzafame, AC; Pancino, E; Bayo, A; Carraro, G; Costado, MT; Frasca, A; Jofre, P; Morbidelli, L; Sousa, SG; Zaggia, S				Venuti, L.; Prisinzano, L.; Sacco, G. G.; Flaccomio, E.; Bonito, R.; Damiani, F.; Micela, G.; Guarcello, M. G.; Randich, S.; Stauffer, J. R.; Cody, A. M.; Jeffries, R. D.; Alencar, S. H. P.; Alfaro, E. J.; Lanzafame, A. C.; Pancino, E.; Bayo, A.; Carraro, G.; Costado, M. T.; Frasca, A.; Jofre, P.; Morbidelli, L.; Sousa, S. G.; Zaggia, S.			The Gaia-ESO Survey and CSI 2264: Substructures, disks, and sequential star formation in the young open cluster NGC 2264	ASTRONOMY & ASTROPHYSICS			English	Article						accretion, accretion disks; stars: formation; Hertzsprung-Russell and C-M diagrams; stars: pre-main sequence; open clusters and associations: individual: NGC 2264	X-SHOOTER SPECTROSCOPY; INITIAL MASS FUNCTION; ORION NEBULA CLUSTER; BROWN DWARF CANDIDATES; 2ND DATA RELEASE; T-TAURI STARS; H-ALPHA; STELLAR OBJECTS; AGE SPREADS; KINEMATIC STRUCTURE	Context. Reconstructing the structure and history of young clusters is pivotal to understanding the mechanisms and timescales of early stellar evolution and planet formation. Recent studies suggest that star clusters often exhibit a hierarchical structure, possibly resulting from several star formation episodes occurring sequentially rather than a monolithic cloud collapse. Aims. We aim to explore the structure of the open cluster and star-forming region NGC 2264 (similar to 3 Myr), which is one of the youngest, richest and most accessible star clusters in the local spiral arm of our Galaxy; we link the spatial distribution of cluster members to other stellar properties such as age and evolutionary stage to probe the star formation history within the region. Methods. We combined spectroscopic data obtained as part of the Gaia-ESO Survey (GES) with multi-wavelength photometric data from the Coordinated Synoptic Investigation of NGC 2264 (CSI 2264) campaign. We examined a sample of 655 cluster members, with masses between 0.2 and 1.8 M-circle dot and including both disk-bearing and disk-free young stars. We used T-eff estimates from GES and g, r, i photometry from CSI 2264 to derive individual extinction and stellar parameters. Results. We find a significant age spread of 4-5 Myr among cluster members. Disk-bearing objects are statistically associated with younger isochronal ages than disk-free sources. The cluster has a hierarchical structure, with two main blocks along its latitudinal extension. The northern half develops around the O-type binary star S Mon; the southern half, close to the tip of the Cone Nebula, contains the most embedded regions of NGC 2264, populated mainly by objects with disks and ongoing accretion. The median ages of objects at different locations within the cluster, and the spatial distribution of disked and non-disked sources, suggest that star formation began in the north of the cluster, over 5 Myr ago, and was ignited in its southern region a few Myr later. Star formation is likely still ongoing in the most embedded regions of the cluster, while the outer regions host a widespread population of more evolved objects; these may be the result of an earlier star formation episode followed by outward migration on timescales of a few Myr. We find a detectable lag between the typical age of disk-bearing objects and that of accreting objects in the inner regions of NGC 2264: the first tend to be older than the second, but younger than disk-free sources at similar locations within the cluster. This supports earlier findings that the characteristic timescales of disk accretion are shorter than those of disk dispersal, and smaller than the average age of NGC 2264 (i.e., less than or similar to 3 Myr). At the same time, we note that disks in the north of the cluster tend to be shorter-lived (similar to 2.5 Myr) than elsewhere; this may reflect the impact of massive stars within the region (notably S Mon), that trigger rapid disk dispersal. Conclusions. Our results, consistent with earlier studies on NGC 2264 and other young clusters, support the idea of a star formation process that takes place sequentially over a prolonged span in a given region. A complete understanding of the dynamics of formation and evolution of star clusters requires accurate astrometric and kinematic characterization of its population; significant advance in this field is foreseen in the upcoming years thanks to the ongoing Gaia mission, coupled with extensive ground-based surveys like GES.	[Venuti, L.; Prisinzano, L.; Flaccomio, E.; Bonito, R.; Damiani, F.; Micela, G.; Guarcello, M. G.] INAF, Osservatorio Astron Palermo GS Vaiana, Piazza Parlamento 1, I-90134 Palermo, Italy; [Sacco, G. G.; Randich, S.; Pancino, E.; Morbidelli, L.] INAF, Osservatorio Astrofis Arcetri, Largo E Fermi 5, I-50125 Florence, Italy; [Stauffer, J. R.] CALTECH, SSC, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Cody, A. M.] NASA, Ames Res Ctr, Moffett Field, CA 94035 USA; [Jeffries, R. D.] Keele Univ, Astrophys Grp, Keele ST5 5BG, Staffs, England; [Alencar, S. H. P.] Univ Fed Minas Gerais, ICEx, Dept Fis, Av Antonio Carlos 6627, BR-30270901 Belo Horizonte, MG, Brazil; [Alfaro, E. J.; Costado, M. T.] CSIC, Inst Astrofis Andalucia, Apdo 3004, Granada 18080, Spain; [Lanzafame, A. C.] Univ Catania, Dipartimento Fis & Astron, Sez Astrofis, Via S Sofia 78, I-95123 Catania, Italy; [Lanzafame, A. C.; Frasca, A.] INAF, Osservatorio Astrofis Catania, Via S Sofia 78, I-95123 Catania, Italy; [Bayo, A.] Univ Valparaiso, Inst Fis & Astron, Valparaiso 2360102, Chile; [Carraro, G.] Univ Padua, Dipartimento Fis & Astron, Vicolo Osservatorio 3, I-35122 Padua, Italy; [Jofre, P.] Univ Cambridge, Inst Astron, Madingley Rd, Cambridge CB3 0HA, England; [Jofre, P.] Univ Diego Portales, Fac Ingn, Nucleo Astron, Av Ejercito 441, Santiago, Chile; [Sousa, S. G.] Univ Porto, CAUP, Inst Astrofis & Ciencias Espaco, Rua Estrelas, P-4150762 Oporto, Portugal; [Zaggia, S.] INAF, Padova Observ, Vicolo Osservatorio 5, I-35122 Padua, Italy	Venuti, L (corresponding author), INAF, Osservatorio Astron Palermo GS Vaiana, Piazza Parlamento 1, I-90134 Palermo, Italy.	lvenuti@astropa.unipa.it	Lanzafame, Alessandro C/A-1129-2012; Flaccomio, Ettore/AAT-1534-2020; Alencar, Silvia H. P./C-2803-2013; Bayo, Amelia M/M-1322-2014; Sousa, Sergio/I-7466-2013	Lanzafame, Alessandro C/0000-0002-2697-3607; Flaccomio, Ettore/0000-0002-3638-5788; Alencar, Silvia H. P./0000-0002-5171-8376; Damiani, Francesco/0000-0002-7065-3061; Sousa, Sergio/0000-0001-9047-2965; Zaggia, Simone/0000-0001-6081-379X; Micela, Giuseppina/0000-0002-9900-4751; Guarcello, Mario Giuseppe/0000-0002-3010-2310; Alfaro, E. J./0000-0002-2234-7035; Bonito, Rosaria/0000-0001-9297-7748; Randich, Sofia/0000-0003-2438-0899; Sacco, Giuseppe Germano/0000-0002-6893-2221; Prisinzano, Loredana/0000-0002-8893-2210; Bayo, Amelia/0000-0001-7868-7031; Carraro, Giovanni/0000-0002-0155-9434; Pancino, Elena/0000-0003-0788-5879	ESO Telescopes at the La Silla Paranal Observatory [188.B-3002]; UK Science and Technology Facilities CouncilScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC); NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); European Union through ERC grant [320360]; Leverhulme TrustLeverhulme Trust [RPG-2012-541]; INAF; Ministero dell'Istruzione, dell'Universita e della Ricerca (MIUR)Ministry of Education, Universities and Research (MIUR); ESF (European Science Foundation) through GREAT Research Network program; PRIN INAF funding scheme of the National Institute for Astrophysics (INAF) of the Italian Ministry of Education, University and Research; CNPqNational Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq); CAPESCAPES; FapemigMinas Gerais State Research Foundation (FAPEMIG); Spanish Ministerio de Economia y Competitividad [AYA2016-75931-C2-1-P]	This work is based on data products from observations made with ESO Telescopes at the La Silla Paranal Observatory under program ID 188.B-3002. These data products have been processed by the Cambridge Astronomy Survey Unit (CASU) at the Institute of Astronomy, University of Cambridge, and by the FLAMES/UVES reduction team at INAF/Osservatorio Astrofisico di Arcetri. These data have been obtained from the Gaia-ESO Survey Data Archive, prepared and hosted by the Wide Field Astronomy Unit, Institute for Astronomy, University of Edinburgh, which is funded by the UK Science and Technology Facilities Council. This work is also based on observations made with the Spitzer Space Telescope, operated by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology under a contract with NASA, and on data from MegaPrime/MegaCam, a joint project of CFHT and CEA/DAPNIA, at the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT) which is operated by the National Research Council (NRC) of Canada, the Institut National des Sciences de l'Univers of the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) of France, and the University of Hawaii. The authors acknowledge useful discussions with S. Sciortino. We also thank V. Kalari, A. Klutsch, and L. A. Hillen-brand for their comments on an earlier version of this manuscript. This work was partly supported by the European Union FP7 program through ERC grant number 320360 and by the Leverhulme Trust through grant RPG-2012-541. We acknowledge the support from INAF and Ministero dell'Istruzione, dell'Universita e della Ricerca (MIUR) in the form of the grant "Premiale VLT 2012". The results presented here benefit from discussions held during the Gaia-ESO workshops and conferences supported by the ESF (European Science Foundation) through the GREAT Research Network program. The authors acknowledge support through the PRIN INAF 2014 funding scheme of the National Institute for Astrophysics (INAF) of the Italian Ministry of Education, University and Research ("The Gaia-ESO Survey", P.I.: S. Randich). S.H.P.A. acknowledges financial support from CNPq, CAPES and Fapemig. M.T.C. acknowledges financial support from the Spanish Ministerio de Economia y Competitividad, through grant AYA2016-75931-C2-1-P.		130	15	15	0	14	EDP SCIENCES S A	LES ULIS CEDEX A	17, AVE DU HOGGAR, PA COURTABOEUF, BP 112, F-91944 LES ULIS CEDEX A, FRANCE	1432-0746			ASTRON ASTROPHYS	Astron. Astrophys.		2018	609								A10	10.1051/0004-6361/201731103			24	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FR3JV	WOS:000418963900010		Green Accepted, Bronze			2020-09-09	
J	Scolnic, D; Kessler, R; Brout, D; Cowperthwaite, PS; Soares-Santos, M; Annis, J; Herner, K; Chen, HY; Sako, M; Doctor, Z; Butler, RE; Palmese, A; Diehl, HT; Frieman, J; Holz, DE; Berger, E; Chornock, R; Villar, VA; Nicholl, M; Biswas, R; Hounsell, R; Foley, RJ; Metzger, J; Rest, A; Garcia-Bellido, J; Moller, A; Nugent, P; Abbott, TMC; Abdalla, FB; Allam, S; Bechtol, K; Benoit-Levy, A; Bertin, E; Brooks, D; Buckley-Geer, E; Rosell, AC; Kind, MC; Carretero, J; Castander, FJ; Cunha, CE; D'Andrea, CB; da Costa, LN; Davis, C; Doel, P; Drlica-Wagner, A; Eifler, TF; Flaugher, B; Fosalba, P; Gaztanaga, E; Gerdes, DW; Gruen, D; Gruendl, RA; Gschwend, J; Gutierrez, G; Hartley, WG; Honscheid, K; James, DJ; Johnson, MWG; Johnson, MD; Krause, E; Kuehn, K; Kuhlmann, S; Lahav, O; Li, TS; Lima, M; Maia, MAG; March, M; Marshall, JL; Menanteau, F; Miquel, R; Neilsen, E; Plazas, AA; Sanchez, E; Scarpine, V; Schubnell, M; Sevilla-Noarbe, I; Smith, M; Smith, RC; Sobreira, F; Suchyta, E; Swanson, MEC; Tarle, G; Thomas, RC; Tucker, DL; Walker, AR				Scolnic, D.; Kessler, R.; Brout, D.; Cowperthwaite, P. S.; Soares-Santos, M.; Annis, J.; Herner, K.; Chen, H. -Y.; Sako, M.; Doctor, Z.; Butler, R. E.; Palmese, A.; Diehl, H. T.; Frieman, J.; Holz, D. E.; Berger, E.; Chornock, R.; Villar, V. A.; Nicholl, M.; Biswas, R.; Hounsell, R.; Foley, R. J.; Metzger, J.; Rest, A.; Garcia-Bellido, J.; Moller, A.; Nugent, P.; Abbott, T. M. C.; Abdalla, F. B.; Allam, S.; Bechtol, K.; Benoit-Levy, A.; Bertin, E.; Brooks, D.; Buckley-Geer, E.; Rosell, A. Carnero; Kind, M. Carrasco; Carretero, J.; Castander, F. J.; Cunha, C. E.; D'Andrea, C. B.; da Costa, L. N.; Davis, C.; Doel, P.; Drlica-Wagner, A.; Eifler, T. F.; Flaugher, B.; Fosalba, P.; Gaztanaga, E.; Gerdes, D. W.; Gruen, D.; Gruendl, R. A.; Gschwend, J.; Gutierrez, G.; Hartley, W. G.; Honscheid, K.; James, D. J.; Johnson, M. W. G.; Johnson, M. D.; Krause, E.; Kuehn, K.; Kuhlmann, S.; Lahav, O.; Li, T. S.; Lima, M.; Maia, M. A. G.; March, M.; Marshall, J. L.; Menanteau, F.; Miquel, R.; Neilsen, E.; Plazas, A. A.; Sanchez, E.; Scarpine, V.; Schubnell, M.; Sevilla-Noarbe, I.; Smith, M.; Smith, R. C.; Sobreira, F.; Suchyta, E.; Swanson, M. E. C.; Tarle, G.; Thomas, R. C.; Tucker, D. L.; Walker, A. R.		DES Collaboration	How Many Kilonovae Can Be Found in Past, Present, and Future Survey Data Sets?	ASTROPHYSICAL JOURNAL LETTERS			English	Article						stars: neutron	II SUPERNOVA SURVEY; SEARCH	The discovery of a kilonova (KN) associated with the Advanced LIGO (aLIGO)/Virgo event GW170817 opens up new avenues of multi-messenger astrophysics. Here, using realistic simulations, we provide estimates of the number of KNe that could be found in data from past, present, and future surveys without a gravitational-wave trigger. For the simulation, we construct a spectral time-series model based on the DES-GW multi-band light curve from the single known KN event, and we use an average of BNS rates from past studies of 103Gpc(-3) yr(-1), consistent with the one event found so far. Examining past and current data sets from transient surveys, the number of KNe we expect to find for ASAS-SN, SDSS, PS1, SNLS, DES, and SMT is between 0 and 0.3. We predict the number of detections per future survey to be 8.3 from ATLAS, 10.6 from ZTF, 5.5/69 from LSST (the Deep Drilling/Wide Fast Deep), and 16.0 from WFIRST. The maximum redshift of KNe discovered for each survey is z = 0.8 for WFIRST, z = 0.25 for LSST, and z = 0.04 for ZTF and ATLAS. This maximum redshift for WFIRST is well beyond the sensitivity of aLIGO and some future GW missions. For the LSST survey, we also provide contamination estimates from Type Ia and core-collapse supernovae: after light curve and template-matching requirements, we estimate a background of just two events. More broadly, we stress that future transient surveys should consider how to optimize their search strategies to improve their detection efficiency and to consider similar analyses for GW follow-up programs.	[Scolnic, D.; Kessler, R.; Chen, H. -Y.; Doctor, Z.; Frieman, J.; Holz, D. E.; Metzger, J.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Brout, D.; Sako, M.; D'Andrea, C. B.; March, M.] Univ Penn, Dept Phys & Astron, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Cowperthwaite, P. S.; Berger, E.; Villar, V. A.; Nicholl, M.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Soares-Santos, M.; Annis, J.; Herner, K.; Butler, R. E.; Diehl, H. T.; Frieman, J.; Allam, S.; Buckley-Geer, E.; Drlica-Wagner, A.; Flaugher, B.; Gutierrez, G.; Li, T. S.; Neilsen, E.; Scarpine, V.; Tucker, D. L.] Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, POB 500, Batavia, IL 60510 USA; [Soares-Santos, M.] Brandeis Univ, Dept Phys, Waltham, MA 02453 USA; [Butler, R. E.] Indiana Univ, Dept Astron, 727 E Third St, Bloomington, IN 47405 USA; [Palmese, A.; Abdalla, F. B.; Benoit-Levy, A.; Brooks, D.; Doel, P.; Hartley, W. G.; Lahav, O.] UCL, Dept Phys & Astron, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, England; [Holz, D. E.] Univ Chicago, Dept Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Holz, D. E.] Univ Chicago, Enrico Fermi Inst, 5640 S Ellis Ave, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Chornock, R.] Ohio Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Inst Astrophys, 251B Clippinger Lab, Athens, OH 45701 USA; [Biswas, R.] Univ Washington, eSci Inst, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [Biswas, R.] Univ Washington, Dept Astron, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [Biswas, R.] Stockholm Univ, Dept Phys, Oskar Klein Ctr, SE-10691 Stockholm, Sweden; [Hounsell, R.; Foley, R. J.] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Dept Astron & Astrophys, 1156 High St, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Hounsell, R.] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, 1002 W Green St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Rest, A.] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Rest, A.] Johns Hopkins Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, 3400N Charles St, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Garcia-Bellido, J.] Univ Autonoma Madrid, Inst Fis Teor UAM CSIC, E-28049 Madrid, Spain; [Moller, A.] Mt Stromlo & Siding Spring Observ, ARC Ctr Excellence All Sky Astrophys CAASTRO, Weston, ACT 2611, Australia; [Moller, A.] Australian Natl Univ, Res Sch Astron & Astrophys, Canberra, ACT 2601, Australia; [Nugent, P.; Thomas, R. C.] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, 1 Cyclotron Rd, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Abbott, T. M. C.; Smith, R. C.; Walker, A. R.] Natl Opt Astron Observ, Cerro Tololo Interamer Observ, Casilla 603, La Serena, Chile; [Abdalla, F. B.] Rhodes Univ, Dept Phys & Elect, POB 94, ZA-6140 Grahamstown, South Africa; [Bechtol, K.] LSST, 933 North Cherry Ave, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Benoit-Levy, A.; Bertin, E.] Inst Astrophys Paris, CNRS, UMR 7095, F-75014 Paris, France; [Benoit-Levy, A.; Bertin, E.] UPMC Univ Paris 06, Inst Astrophys Paris, Sorbonne Univ, UMR 7095, F-75014 Paris, France; [Rosell, A. Carnero; da Costa, L. N.; Gschwend, J.; Lima, M.; Maia, M. A. G.; Sobreira, F.] Lab Interinst E Astron LIneA, Rua Gal Jose Cristino 77, BR-20921400 Rio De Janeiro, RJ, Brazil; [Rosell, A. Carnero; da Costa, L. N.; Gschwend, J.; Maia, M. A. G.] Observ Nacl, Rua Gal Jose Cristino 77, BR-20921400 Rio De Janeiro, RJ, Brazil; [Kind, M. Carrasco; Gruendl, R. A.; Menanteau, F.] Univ Illinois 1002 W Green St Urbana 61801 USA 29, Dept Astron, 1002 W Green St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Kind, M. Carrasco; Gruendl, R. A.; Johnson, M. W. G.; Johnson, M. D.; Menanteau, F.; Swanson, M. E. C.] Natl Ctr Supercomp Applicat, 1205 West Clark St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Carretero, J.; Miquel, R.] Barcelona Inst Sci & Technol, IFAE, Campus UAB, E-08193 Bellaterra, Barcelona, Spain; [Castander, F. J.; Fosalba, P.; Gaztanaga, E.] IEEC CSIC, Inst Space Sci, Campus UAB,Carrer Can Magrans S-N, E-08193 Barcelona, Spain; [Cunha, C. E.; Davis, C.; Gruen, D.; Krause, E.] Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, POB 2450, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Eifler, T. F.] CALTECH, Dept Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Eifler, T. F.; Plazas, A. A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Gerdes, D. W.] Univ Michigan, Dept Astron, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Gerdes, D. W.; Schubnell, M.; Tarle, G.] Univ Michigan, Dept Phys, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Gruen, D.] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Hartley, W. G.] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Dept Phys, Wolfgang Pauli Str 16, CH-8093 Zurich, Switzerland; [Honscheid, K.] Ohio State Univ, Ctr Cosmol & Astroparticle Phys, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Honscheid, K.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Phys, 174 W 18th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [James, D. J.] Univ Washington, Dept Astron, Box 351580, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [Kuehn, K.] Australian Astron Observ, N Ryde, NSW 2113, Australia; [Kuhlmann, S.] Argonne Natl Lab, 9700 South Cass Ave, Lemont, IL 60439 USA; [Lima, M.] Univ Sao Paulo, Inst Fis, Dept Fis Matemat, CP 66318, BR-05314970 Sao Paulo, SP, Brazil; [Marshall, J. L.] Texas A&M Univ, George P & Cynthia Woods Mitchell Inst Fundamenta, College Stn, TX 77843 USA; [Marshall, J. L.] Texas A&M Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, College Stn, TX 77843 USA; [Miquel, R.] Inst Catalana Recerca & Estudis Avancats, E-08010 Barcelona, Spain; [Sanchez, E.; Sevilla-Noarbe, I.] Ctr Invest Energet Medioambientales & Tecnol CIEM, Madrid, Spain; [Smith, M.] Univ Southampton, Sch Phys & Astron, Southampton SO17 1BJ, Hants, England; [Sobreira, F.] Univ Estadual Campinas, Inst Fis Gleb Wataghin, BR-13083859 Campinas, SP, Brazil; [Suchyta, E.] Oak Ridge Natl Lab, Comp Sci & Math Div, Oak Ridge, TN 37831 USA	Scolnic, D (corresponding author), Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA.		Carnero, Aurelio/AAH-3411-2019; Moller, Anais/C-5661-2018; Castander, Francisco Javier/AAG-4571-2020; Lima, Marcos/E-8378-2010; Sanchez, Eusebio/H-5228-2015; Gaztanaga, Enrique/L-4894-2014; cunha, carlos/AAA-5734-2020; Sevilla, Ignacio/AAB-8148-2019; Palacios, Jorge Carretero/L-8237-2014; Sobreira, Flavia/F-4168-2015; Garcia-Bellido, Juan/C-2920-2017	Carnero, Aurelio/0000-0003-3044-5150; Moller, Anais/0000-0001-8211-8608; Castander, Francisco Javier/0000-0001-7316-4573; Lima, Marcos/0000-0002-4719-3781; Sanchez, Eusebio/0000-0002-9646-8198; Gaztanaga, Enrique/0000-0001-9632-0815; Sevilla, Ignacio/0000-0002-1831-1953; Palacios, Jorge Carretero/0000-0002-3130-0204; Butler, Robert/0000-0003-2789-3817; Cowperthwaite, Philip/0000-0002-2478-6939; Gerdes, David/0000-0001-6942-2736; Soares-Santos, Marcelle/0000-0001-6082-8529; Chornock, Ryan/0000-0002-7706-5668; Sobreira, Flavia/0000-0002-7822-0658; Suchyta, Eric/0000-0002-7047-9358; Bertin, Emmanuel/0000-0002-3602-3664; Garcia-Bellido, Juan/0000-0002-9370-8360; Carrasco Kind, Matias/0000-0002-4802-3194; Nicholl, Matt/0000-0002-2555-3192; Menanteau, Felipe/0000-0002-1372-2534; Nugent, Peter/0000-0002-3389-0586	DOE (USA)United States Department of Energy (DOE); NSF(USA)National Science Foundation (NSF); MEC/MICINN/MINECO(Spain); STFC(UK)Science & Technology Facilities Council (STFC); HEFCE(UK)Higher Education Funding Council for England; NCSA(UIUC); KICP(U. Chicago); CCAPP(Ohio State); MIFPA(Texas AM); CNPQNational Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq); FAPERJCarlos Chagas Filho Foundation for Research Support of the State of Rio de Janeiro (FAPERJ); FINEP (Brazil)Ciencia Tecnologia e Inovacao (FINEP); DFG(Germany)German Research Foundation (DFG); Argonne LabUnited States Department of Energy (DOE)University of Chicago; UC Santa Cruz; University of CambridgeUniversity of Cambridge; CIEMAT-Madrid; University of ChicagoUniversity of Chicago; University College London; DES Brazil Consortium; University of Edinburgh; ETH ZurichETH Zurich; Fermilab; University of Illinois; ICE (IEEC-CSIC); IFAE Barcelona; Lawrence Berkeley Lab; LMU Mnchen; associated Excellence Cluster Universe; University of MichiganUniversity of Michigan System; NOAO; University of Nottingham; Ohio State UniversityOhio State University; University of Pennsylvania; University of Portsmouth; SLAC National Lab; Stanford UniversityStanford University; University of Sussex; Texas AM University; OzDES Membership Consortium; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1138766, AST-1536171, AST-1411763, AST-1714498, AST-1518052]; Kavli Institute for Cosmological Physics at the University of ChicagoUniversity of Chicago [NSF PHY-1125897]; Kavli Foundation; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [14-WPS14-0048, NAS 5-26555]; NASA through Hubble Fellowship - Space Telescope Science Institute [HST-HF2-51383.001, NNX15AE50G, NNX16AC22G]; Gordon & Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; HeisingSimons Foundation; Alfred P. Sloan FoundationAlfred P. Sloan Foundation; David and Lucile Packard FoundationThe David & Lucile Packard Foundation; Washington Research Foundation Fund for Innovation in Data-Intensive Discovery; Moore/Sloan Data Science Environments Project at the University of Washington; UCSC Giving Day grant	Funding for the DES Projects has been provided by the DOE and NSF(USA), MEC/MICINN/MINECO(Spain), STFC(UK), HEFCE(UK). NCSA(UIUC), KICP(U. Chicago), CCAPP(Ohio State), MIFPA(Texas A&M), CNPQ, FAPERJ, FINEP (Brazil), DFG(Germany) and the Collaborating Institutions in the Dark Energy Survey. The Collaborating Institutions are Argonne Lab, UC Santa Cruz, University of Cambridge, CIEMAT-Madrid, University of Chicago, University College London, DES Brazil Consortium, University of Edinburgh, ETH Zurich, Fermilab, University of Illinois, ICE (IEEC-CSIC), IFAE Barcelona, Lawrence Berkeley Lab, LMU Mnchen and the associated Excellence Cluster Universe, University of Michigan, NOAO, University of Nottingham, Ohio State University, University of Pennsylvania, University of Portsmouth, SLAC National Lab, Stanford University, University of Sussex, Texas A&M University, and the OzDES Membership Consortium. Based in part on observations at Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory, National Optical Astronomy Observatory, which is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA) under a cooperative agreement with the National Science Foundation.; The DES Data Management System is supported by the NSF under grant numbers AST-1138766 and AST-1536171. This work was supported in part by the Kavli Institute for Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago through grant NSF PHY-1125897 and an endowment from the Kavli Foundation and its founder Fred Kavli. We gratefully acknowledge support from NASA grant 14-WPS14-0048. D.S. is supported by NASA through Hubble Fellowship grant HST-HF2-51383.001 awarded by the Space Telescope Science Institute, which is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc., for NASA, under contract NAS 5-26555. This analysis was done using the Midway-RCC computing cluster at University of Chicago. The Berger Time-Domain Group at Harvard is supported in part by the NSF through grants AST-1411763 and AST-1714498, and by NASA through grants NNX15AE50G and NNX16AC22G. The UCSC group is supported in part by NSF grant AST-1518052, the Gordon & Betty Moore Foundation, the HeisingSimons Foundation, generous donations from many individuals through a UCSC Giving Day grant, and from fellowships from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation and the David and Lucile Packard Foundation to R.J.F. R.B. acknowledges partial support from the Washington Research Foundation Fund for Innovation in Data-Intensive Discovery and the Moore/Sloan Data Science Environments Project at the University of Washington.		42	17	17	1	10	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	2041-8205	2041-8213		ASTROPHYS J LETT	Astrophys. J. Lett.	JAN 1	2018	852	1							L3	10.3847/2041-8213/aa9d82			7	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FQ9JD	WOS:000418677500003		Green Published, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Zhang, ZX; Zhang, JJ; Cao, QH; Campbell, JL; Lou, HQ				Zhang, Zhong-Xin; Zhang, Jingjing; Cao, Qinhong; Campbell, Judith L.; Lou, Huiqiang			The DNA Pol E stimulatory activity of Mrc1 is modulated by phosphorylation	CELL CYCLE			English	Article						Saccharomyces cerevisiae; DNA replication; Mrc1; Claspin; DNA polymerase E; phosphorylation	S-PHASE CHECKPOINT; REPLICATION FORK; POLYMERASE EPSILON; GENOME STABILITY; SACCHAROMYCES-CEREVISIAE; MCM-HELICASE; HUMAN-CELLS; COMPLEX; CLASPIN; BINDING	DNA replication checkpoint (Mec1-Mrc1-Rad53 in budding yeast) is an evolutionarily conserved surveillance system to ensure proper DNA replication and genome stability in all eukaryotes. Compared to its well-known function as a mediator of replication checkpoint, the exact role of Mrc1 as a component of normal replication forks remains relatively unclear. In this study, we provide in vitro biochemical evidence to support that yeast Mrc1 is able to enhance the activity of DNA polymerase E (Pol E), the major leading strand replicase. Mrc1 can selectively bind avidly to primer/template DNA bearing a single-stranded region, but not to double-stranded DNA (dsDNA). Mutations of the lysine residues within basic patch 1 (BP1) compromise both DNA binding and polymerase stimulatory activities. Interestingly, Mrc1-3D, a mutant mimicking phosphorylation by the Hog1/MAPK kinase during the osmotic stress response, retains DNA binding but not polymerase stimulation. The stimulatory effect is also abrogated in Mrc1 purified from cells treated with hydroxyurea (HU), which elicits replication checkpoint activation. Taken together with previous findings, these results imply that under unperturbed condition, Mrc1 has a DNA synthesis stimulatory activity, which can be eliminated via Mrc1 phosphorylation in response to replication and/or osmotic stresses.	[Zhang, Zhong-Xin; Zhang, Jingjing; Cao, Qinhong; Lou, Huiqiang] China Agr Univ, Beijing Adv Innovat Ctr Food Nutr & Human Hlth, State Key Lab Agrobiotechnol, MOA Key Lab Soil Microbiol,Coll Biol Sci, Beijing 100193, Peoples R China; [Campbell, Judith L.] CALTECH, Braun Labs, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Campbell, JL (corresponding author), CALTECH, Braun Labs, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Lou, HQ (corresponding author), China Agr Univ, Coll Biol Sci, State Key Lab Agrobiotechnol, Beijing Adv Innovat Ctr Food Nutr & Human Hlth, Beijing 100193, Peoples R China.	jcampbel@caltech.edu; lou@cau.edu.cn	Lou, Huiqiang/B-6287-2012	Lou, Huiqiang/0000-0003-4465-6186	National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC)National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) [31630005, 31770084, 31771382]	National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) [grant number 31630005], [grant number 31770084], [grant number 31771382].		42	2	2	4	12	TAYLOR & FRANCIS INC	PHILADELPHIA	530 WALNUT STREET, STE 850, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19106 USA	1538-4101	1551-4005		CELL CYCLE	Cell Cycle		2018	17	1					64	72		10.1080/15384101.2017.1403680			9	Cell Biology	Cell Biology	FW0LL	WOS:000424986500011	29157061	Green Published, Bronze			2020-09-09	
S	Harvey, JE; Breckinridge, JB; Irvin, RG; Pfisterer, RN		Johnson, RB; Mahajan, VN; Thibault, S		Harvey, James E.; Breckinridge, James B.; Irvin, Ryan G.; Pfisterer, Richard N.			Novel Designs for Minimizing Diffraction Effects of Large Segmented Mirror Telescopes	CURRENT DEVELOPMENTS IN LENS DESIGN AND OPTICAL ENGINEERING XIX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	19th Conference on Current Developments in Lens Design and Optical Engineering	AUG 21-22, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		Exoplanet exploration; Large segmented mirrors; Pinwheel pupil; Diffraction effects		Diffraction effects of large segmented mirror gaps and secondary mirror support struts produce diffraction peaks or flares that are a detriment to exoplanet detection. In this paper we present a detailed diffraction analysis of innovative segmented mirror concepts utilizing curved segment gaps and secondary support struts that eliminate these diffraction spikes that can obscure the faint exoplanet image. The resulting diffraction performance will be quantitatively compared to that of both monolithic circular pupils and classical hexagonally segmented mirrors. We will utilize performance-based merit functions consisting of both radial and azimuthal profiles of the resulting telescope point spread function.	[Harvey, James E.; Irvin, Ryan G.; Pfisterer, Richard N.] Photon Engn LLC, 310 S Williams Blvd,Suite 222, Tucson, AZ 86711 USA; [Breckinridge, James B.] Breckinridge Associates LLC, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Breckinridge, James B.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Harvey, JE (corresponding author), Photon Engn LLC, 310 S Williams Blvd,Suite 222, Tucson, AZ 86711 USA.							11	0	0	0	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2062-9	PROC SPIE			2018	10745								107450L	10.1117/12.2326923			14	Optics	Optics	BL5JM	WOS:000451769500015		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Trivedi, V; Choi, HMT; Fraser, SE; Pierce, NA				Trivedi, Vikas; Choi, Harry M. T.; Fraser, Scott E.; Pierce, Niles A.			Multidimensional quantitative analysis of mRNA expression within intact vertebrate embryos	DEVELOPMENT			English	Article						Quantitative in situ hybridization; Multiplexed in situ hybridization; Read-out; Read-in	IN-SITU HYBRIDIZATION; WHOLE-MOUNT; GENE-EXPRESSION; CHAIN-REACTION; CHICK-EMBRYOS; SEGMENTATION; AMPLIFICATION; CELLS; OSCILLATOR; DEPOSITION	For decades, in situ hybridization methods have been essential tools for studies of vertebrate development and disease, as they enable qualitative analyses of mRNA expression in an anatomical context. Quantitative mRNA analyses typically sacrifice the anatomy, relying on embryo microdissection, dissociation, cell sorting and/or homogenization. Here, we eliminate the trade-off between quantitation and anatomical context, using quantitative in situ hybridization chain reaction (qHCR) to perform accurate and precise relative quantitation of mRNA expression with subcellular resolution within whole-mount vertebrate embryos. Gene expression can be queried in two directions: read-out from anatomical space to expression space reveals co-expression relationships in selected regions of the specimen; conversely, read-in from multidimensional expression space to anatomical space reveals those anatomical locations in which selected gene co-expression relationships occur. As we demonstrate by examining gene circuits underlying somitogenesis, quantitative read-out and read-in analyses provide the strengths of flow cytometry expression analyses, but by preserving subcellular anatomical context, they enable bi-directional queries that open a new era for in situ hybridization.	[Trivedi, Vikas; Choi, Harry M. T.; Pierce, Niles A.] CALTECH, Div Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Trivedi, Vikas; Fraser, Scott E.] Univ Southern Calif, Translat Imaging Ctr, Los Angeles, CA 90089 USA; [Trivedi, Vikas; Fraser, Scott E.] Univ Southern Calif, Mol & Computat Biol, Los Angeles, CA 90089 USA; [Trivedi, Vikas] Univ Cambridge, Dept Genet, Cambridge CB2 3EH, England; [Pierce, Niles A.] CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Pierce, Niles A.] Univ Oxford, Weatherall Inst Mol Med, Oxford OX3 9DS, England	Pierce, NA (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Pierce, NA (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Pierce, NA (corresponding author), Univ Oxford, Weatherall Inst Mol Med, Oxford OX3 9DS, England.	niles@caltech.edu	Fraser, Scott/Y-3406-2019	Fraser, Scott/0000-0002-5377-0223; Trivedi, Vikas/0000-0003-0953-0553; Choi, Harry/0000-0002-1530-0773; Pierce, Niles/0000-0003-2367-4406	National Institutes of HealthUnited States Department of Health & Human ServicesNational Institutes of Health (NIH) - USA [R01EB006192, R01HD075605]; Defense Advanced Research Projects AgencyUnited States Department of DefenseDefense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) [HR0011-17-2-0008]; National Science Foundation Molecular Programming Project [NSF-CCF-1317694]; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation [GBMF2809]; Beckman Institute at Caltech (Programmable Molecular Technology Center, PMTC); Translational Imaging Center at the University of Southern California; Rosen Center for Bioengineering at Caltech; John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation; Herchel Smith Postdoctoral Research Fellowship from the University of Cambridge; Professorial Fellowship at Balliol College (University of Oxford); Eastman Visiting Professorship at the University of Oxford	This work was funded by the National Institutes of Health (R01EB006192 and R01HD075605), by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (HR0011-17-2-0008), by the National Science Foundation Molecular Programming Project (NSF-CCF-1317694), by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation (GBMF2809), by the Beckman Institute at Caltech (Programmable Molecular Technology Center, PMTC), by the Translational Imaging Center at the University of Southern California, by the Rosen Center for Bioengineering at Caltech, by the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, by a Herchel Smith Postdoctoral Research Fellowship from the University of Cambridge, by a Professorial Fellowship at Balliol College (University of Oxford), and by the Eastman Visiting Professorship at the University of Oxford. Deposited in PMC for release after 12 months.		52	13	13	0	4	COMPANY BIOLOGISTS LTD	CAMBRIDGE	BIDDER BUILDING, STATION RD, HISTON, CAMBRIDGE CB24 9LF, ENGLAND	0950-1991	1477-9129		DEVELOPMENT	Development	JAN	2018	145	1							dev156869	10.1242/dev.156869			8	Developmental Biology	Developmental Biology	FU4JU	WOS:000423820200027	29311262	Bronze, Green Accepted, Green Published			2020-09-09	
J	Erkenbrack, EM				Erkenbrack, Eric M.			Notch-mediated lateral inhibition is an evolutionarily conserved mechanism patterning the ectoderm in echinoids	DEVELOPMENT GENES AND EVOLUTION			English	Article						Notch signaling; HES proteins; Pigment cells; Gene regulatory networks; Sea urchins; Neurogenic ectoderm	SEA-URCHIN EMBRYO; GENE REGULATORY NETWORK; DOUBLE-NEGATIVE SPECIFICATION; SECONDARY MESENCHYME CELLS; PIGMENT-CELLS; HEMICENTROTUS-PULCHERRIMUS; EUCIDARIS-TRIBULOIDES; NEURAL DEVELOPMENT; FORMING CELLS; ORIGIN	Notch signaling is a crucial cog in early development of euechinoid sea urchins, specifying both non-skeletogenic mesodermal lineages and serotonergic neurons in the apical neuroectoderm. Here, the spatial distributions and function of delta, gcm, and hesc, three genes critical to these processes in euechinoids, are examined in the distantly related cidaroid sea urchin Eucidaris tribuloides. Spatial distribution and experimental perturbation of delta and hesc suggest that the function of Notch signaling in ectodermal patterning in early development of E. tr ibuloides is consistent with canonical lateral inhibition. Delta transcripts were observed in t he archenteron, apical ectoderm, and lateral ectoderm in gastrulating e mbryos of E. tribuloides. Perturbation of Notch signaling by either delta morpholino or treatment of DAPT downregulated hesc and upregulated delta and gcm, resulting in ectopic expression of delta and gcm. Similarly, hesc perturbation mirrored the effects of delta perturbation. Interestingly, perturbation of delta or hesc resulted in more cells expressing gcm and supernumerary pigment cells, suggesting that pigment cell proliferation is regulated by Notch in E. tribuloides. These results are consistent with an evolutionary scenario whereby, in the echinoid ancestor, Notch signaling was deployed in the ectoderm to specify neurogenic progenitors and controlled pigment cell proliferation in the dorsal ectoderm.	[Erkenbrack, Eric M.] Yale Univ, Yale Syst Biol Inst, West Haven, CT 06516 USA; [Erkenbrack, Eric M.] Yale Univ, Dept Ecol & Evolutionary Biol, New Haven, CT 06511 USA; [Erkenbrack, Eric M.] CALTECH, Div Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Erkenbrack, EM (corresponding author), Yale Univ, Yale Syst Biol Inst, West Haven, CT 06516 USA.; Erkenbrack, EM (corresponding author), Yale Univ, Dept Ecol & Evolutionary Biol, New Haven, CT 06511 USA.; Erkenbrack, EM (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	eric.erkenbrack@yale.edu			NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [IOS1240626]	Experimental data presented here were collected in the dungeon of the late Eric H. Davidson, who, along with Dave Bottjer, enthusiastically supported me and my research efforts. The manuscript was written in the laboratory of Gunter P. Wagner, whose support and patience I appreciatively acknowledge. Comments from two anonymous reviewers greatly improved this manuscript. This research was supported by NSF grant IOS1240626. Another one.		53	2	2	0	4	SPRINGER	NEW YORK	233 SPRING ST, NEW YORK, NY 10013 USA	0949-944X	1432-041X		DEV GENES EVOL	Dev. Genes Evol.	JAN	2018	228	1					1	11		10.1007/s00427-017-0599-y			11	Cell Biology; Evolutionary Biology; Developmental Biology	Cell Biology; Evolutionary Biology; Developmental Biology	FV3CQ	WOS:000424445900001	29249002	Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Nakajo, M; Kanda, S; Karigo, T; Takahashi, A; Akazome, Y; Uenoyama, Y; Kobayashi, M; Oka, Y				Nakajo, Mikoto; Kanda, Shinji; Karigo, Tomomi; Takahashi, Akiko; Akazome, Yasuhisa; Uenoyama, Yoshihisa; Kobayashi, Makito; Oka, Yoshitaka			Evolutionally Conserved Function of Kisspeptin Neuronal System Is Nonreproductive Regulation as Revealed by Nonmammalian Study	ENDOCRINOLOGY			English	Article							MEDAKA ORYZIAS-LATIPES; GOLDFISH CARASSIUS-AURATUS; MESSENGER-RNA EXPRESSION; ESTROGEN-RECEPTOR-ALPHA; PITUITARY-GONADAL AXIS; AFRICAN CICHLID FISH; ARGININE-VASOTOCIN; NEUROPEPTIDE-Y; SEXUAL-BEHAVIOR; ONCORHYNCHUS-MYKISS	The kisspeptin neuronal system, which consists of a neuropeptide kisspeptin and its receptor Gpr54, is considered in mammals a key factor of reproductive regulation, the so-called hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal (HPG) axis. However, in nonmammalian vertebrates, especially in teleosts, existence of kisspeptin regulation on the HPG axis is still controversial. In this study, we applied multidisciplinary techniques to a teleost fish, medaka, and examined possible kisspeptin regulation on the HPG axis. First, we generated knockout medaka for kisspeptin-related genes and found that they show normal fertility, gonadal maturation, and expression of gonadotropins. Moreover, the firing activity of GnRH1 neurons recorded by the patch clamp technique was not altered by kisspeptin application. Furthermore, in goldfish, in vivo kisspeptin administration did not show any positive effect on HPG axis regulation. However, as kisspeptin genes are completely conserved among vertebrates except birds, we surmised that kisspeptin should have some important nonreproductive functions in vertebrates. Therefore, to discover novel functions of kisspeptin, we generated a gpr54-1: enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) transgenic medaka, whose gpr54-1-expressing cells are specifically labeled by EGFP. Analysis of neuronal projection of gpr54-1: EGFP-expressing neurons showed that these neurons in the ventrolateral preoptic area project to the pituitary and are probably involved in endocrine regulation other than gonadotropin release. Furthermore, combination of deep sequencing, histological, and electrophysiological analyses revealed various novel neural systems that are under control of kisspeptin neurons-that is, those expressing neuropeptide Yb, cholecystokinin, isotocin, vasotocin, and neuropeptide B. Thus, our newstrategy to genetically label receptor-expressing neurons gives insights into various kisspeptin-dependent neuronal systems that may be conserved in vertebrates.	[Nakajo, Mikoto; Kanda, Shinji; Takahashi, Akiko; Oka, Yoshitaka] Univ Tokyo, Grad Sch Sci, Dept Biol Sci, Tokyo 1130033, Japan; [Karigo, Tomomi] CALTECH, Div Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Akazome, Yasuhisa] St Marianna Univ, Sch Med, Dept Anat, Kawasaki, Kanagawa 2168511, Japan; [Uenoyama, Yoshihisa] Nagoya Univ, Grad Sch Bioagr Sci, Aichi 4648601, Japan; [Kobayashi, Makito] Int Christian Univ, Dept Life Sci, Tokyo 1818585, Japan	Kanda, S; Oka, Y (corresponding author), Univ Tokyo, Grad Sch Sci, Dept Biol Sci, Bunkyo Ku, 7-3-1 Hongo, Tokyo 1130033, Japan.	shinji@bs.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp; okay@bs.s.u-tokyo.ac.jp	Oka, Yoshitaka/G-4952-2014	Oka, Yoshitaka/0000-0002-3482-3051; Kanda, Shinji/0000-0001-7556-1433; Takahashi, Akiko/0000-0002-6093-7749	Japan Society for the Promotion of ScienceMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of Science [15J06435, 26840111, 26221104]; Suntory Foundation for Life Sciences grant (SUNBOR); Program for Promotion of Basic Research Activities for Innovative Biosciences of Japan; Graduate Program for Leaders in Life Innovation (GPLLI); University of Tokyo Life Innovation Leading Graduate School from MEXT, Japan	This work was supported by Grants-in-Aid from Japan Society for the Promotion of Science Grants 15J06435 (to M.N.) and 26840111, a Suntory Foundation for Life Sciences grant (SUNBOR; to S.K.), and Japan Society for the Promotion of Science Grant 26221104, as well as by the Program for Promotion of Basic Research Activities for Innovative Biosciences of Japan (to Y.O.). This work was also supported by Graduate Program for Leaders in Life Innovation (GPLLI), the University of Tokyo Life Innovation Leading Graduate School from MEXT, Japan.		85	28	28	0	15	OXFORD UNIV PRESS INC	CARY	JOURNALS DEPT, 2001 EVANS RD, CARY, NC 27513 USA	0013-7227	1945-7170		ENDOCRINOLOGY	Endocrinology	JAN	2018	159	1					163	183		10.1210/en.2017-00808			21	Endocrinology & Metabolism	Endocrinology & Metabolism	FS3QM	WOS:000419697300014	29053844	Green Accepted, Bronze			2020-09-09	
J	Jensen, D; Reager, JT; Zajic, B; Rousseau, N; Rodell, M; Hinkley, E				Jensen, Daniel; Reager, John T.; Zajic, Brittany; Rousseau, Nick; Rodell, Matthew; Hinkley, Everett			The sensitivity of US wildfire occurrence to pre-season soil moisture conditions across ecosystems	ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH LETTERS			English	Article						wildfire; soil moisture; GRACE; remote sensing; hydrology; assimilation	WESTERN UNITED-STATES; LAND-SURFACE MODEL; GRACE; VARIABILITY; ASSIMILATION	It is generally accepted that year-to-year variability in moisture conditions and drought are linked with increased wildfire occurrence. However, quantifying the sensitivity of wildfire to surface moisture state at seasonal lead-times has been challenging due to the absence of a long soil moisture record with the appropriate coverage and spatial resolution for continental-scale analysis. Here we apply model simulations of surface soil moisture that numerically assimilate observations from NASA's Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE) mission with the USDA Forest Service's historical Fire-Occurrence Database over the contiguous United States. We quantify the relationships between pre-fire-season soil moisture and subsequent-year wildfire occurrence by land-cover type and produce annual probable wildfire occurrence and burned area maps at 0.25 degree resolution. Cross-validated results generally indicate a higher occurrence of smaller fires when months preceding fire season are wet, while larger fires are more frequent when soils are dry. This is consistent with the concept of increased fuel accumulation under wet conditions in the pre-season. These results demonstrate the fundamental strength of the relationship between soil moisture and fire activity at long lead-times and are indicative of that relationship's utility for the future development of national-scale predictive capability.	[Jensen, Daniel; Zajic, Brittany; Rousseau, Nick] Sci Syst & Applicat Inc, NASA DEVELOP Natl Program, Pasadena, CA USA; [Reager, John T.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Rodell, Matthew] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Hinkley, Everett] US Forest Serv, USDA, 1400 Independence Ave SW, Washington, DC 20250 USA	Reager, JT (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, NASA, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	john.reager@jpl.nasa.gov	Jensen, Daniel/AAM-6685-2020; Rodell, Matthew/E-4946-2012	Rodell, Matthew/0000-0003-0106-7437; Jensen, Daniel/0000-0003-3331-2847	NASA DEVELOP program [NNL11AA00B, NNX14AB60A]; NASA Applied Sciences ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); NASA GRACE Science Team	This research was conducted at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with NASA. We would like to thank Mark Finney and Chuck McHugh, from the USDA Forest Service Predictive Services Program for their involvement in providing direction and information pertaining to wildfires in the United States. This work was supported by the NASA DEVELOP program, through contract NNL11AA00B and cooperative agreement NNX14AB60A. Funding sources include the NASA Applied Sciences Program and the NASA GRACE Science Team. The data supporting this study's conclusions consist of the included tables and figures. The FPA FOD data (Short 2015) can be accessed at https://doi.org/10.2737/RDS-2013-0009.3. The assimilated GRACE data is available at http://grace.jpl.nasa.gov. The NLCD 2011 is available at www.mrlc.gov/nlcd2011.php.		33	9	9	1	11	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1748-9326			ENVIRON RES LETT	Environ. Res. Lett.	JAN	2018	13	1							014021	10.1088/1748-9326/aa9853			10	Environmental Sciences; Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences	Environmental Sciences & Ecology; Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences	FT1NP	WOS:000422903600004	29479372	DOAJ Gold, Green Accepted, Green Published			2020-09-09	
S	Lawson, M; Formolo, MJ; Summa, L; Eiler, JM		Lawson, M; Formolo, MJ; Eiler, JM		Lawson, M.; Formolo, M. J.; Summa, L.; Eiler, J. M.			Geochemical applications in petroleum systems analysis: new constraints and the power of integration	FROM SOURCE TO SEEP: GEOCHEMICAL APPLICATIONS IN HYDROCARBON SYSTEMS	Geological Society Special Publication		English	Article; Book Chapter							NATURAL GASES; ORGANIC GEOCHEMISTRY; ISOTOPIC COMPOSITION; BIGHORN BASIN; NOBLE-GASES; OIL; METHANE; TEMPERATURE; GENERATION; HELIUM	This paper provides an overview of the role that geochemistry plays in petroleum systems analysis, and how this can be used to derive constraints on the key elements and processes that give rise to a successful petroleum system. We discuss the history of petroleum geochemistry before reflecting on the next frontier in geochemical applications in hydrocarbon systems. We then review the individual contributions to this Special Publication. These papers present new geochemical techniques that allow us to develop a more systematic understanding of critical petroleum system elements; including the temperature and timing of source-rock deposition and maturation, the mechanisms and timescales associated with hydrocarbon migration, trapping, storage and alteration, and the impact of fluid flow on reservoir properties. Finally, we provide a practical example of how these different geochemical techniques can be integrated to constrain and generate a robust understanding of the prolific Paleozoic petroleum system of the Bighorn Basin.	[Lawson, M.; Formolo, M. J.; Summa, L.] ExxonMobil Upstream Res Co, 22777 Springwoods Village Pkwy, Spring, TX 77389 USA; [Summa, L.] Rice Univ, Dept Earth Environm & Planetary Sci, 6100 Main St, Houston, TX 77005 USA; [Eiler, J. M.] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Lawson, M (corresponding author), ExxonMobil Upstream Res Co, 22777 Springwoods Village Pkwy, Spring, TX 77389 USA.	Michael.lawson@exxonmobil.com						107	3	3	0	2	GEOLOGICAL SOC PUBLISHING HOUSE	BATH	UNIT 7, BRASSMILL ENTERPRISE CTR, BRASSMILL LANE, BATH BA1 3JN, AVON, ENGLAND	0305-8719		978-1-78620-366-3	GEOL SOC SPEC PUBL	Geol. Soc. Spec. Publ.		2018	468						1	21		10.1144/SP468.6			21	Geochemistry & Geophysics; Geology	Geochemistry & Geophysics; Geology	BK1KR	WOS:000431852700001		Green Accepted, Other Gold			2020-09-09	
S	Stolper, DA; Lawson, M; Formolo, MJ; Davis, CL; Douglas, PMJ; Eiler, JM		Lawson, M; Formolo, MJ; Eiler, JM		Stolper, Daniel A.; Lawson, Michael; Formolo, Michael J.; Davis, Cara L.; Douglas, Peter M. J.; Eiler, John M.			The utility of methane clumped isotopes to constrain the origins of methane in natural gas accumulations	FROM SOURCE TO SEEP: GEOCHEMICAL APPLICATIONS IN HYDROCARBON SYSTEMS	Geological Society Special Publication		English	Article; Book Chapter							SIMPLE KINETIC-MODELS; PETROLEUM FORMATION; PRIMARY CRACKING; BIOGENIC METHANE; CARBON; GENERATION; HYDROGEN; FRACTIONATION; SHALE; OIL	Methane clumped-isotope compositions provide a new approach to understanding the formational conditions of methane from both biogenic and thermogenic sources. Under some conditions, these compositions can be used to reconstruct the formational temperatures of the gas, and this capability can be applied to common subsets of both biogenic and thermogenic systems. Additionally, there are examples in which clumped-isotope compositions do not reflect gas-formation temperatures but instead mixing effects and kinetic phenomena; such kinetic effects also occur in common and recognizable subtypes of biogenic and thermogenic gases. Here we review the use of methane clumped-isotope measurements for understanding the origin of methane in the subsurface. We review methane clumped-isotope measurements from numerous biogenic and thermogenic natural gas reservoirs. We then place these measurements in the context of common frameworks for identifying the formational conditions of methane including the use of methane delta C-13 and delta D values and C-1/C2-3 ratios. Finally, we propose a framework for how methane clumped isotopes can be used to identify the origin of methane accumulations.	[Stolper, Daniel A.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Earth & Planetary Sci, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Lawson, Michael; Formolo, Michael J.; Davis, Cara L.] ExxonMobil Upstream Res Co, Spring, TX 77389 USA; [Douglas, Peter M. J.] McGill Univ, Dept Earth & Planetary Sci, Montreal, PQ H3A 0E8, Canada; [Eiler, John M.] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Stolper, DA (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Earth & Planetary Sci, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	dstolper@berkeley.edu						115	6	6	0	11	GEOLOGICAL SOC PUBLISHING HOUSE	BATH	UNIT 7, BRASSMILL ENTERPRISE CTR, BRASSMILL LANE, BATH BA1 3JN, AVON, ENGLAND	0305-8719		978-1-78620-366-3	GEOL SOC SPEC PUBL	Geol. Soc. Spec. Publ.		2018	468						23	52		10.1144/SP468.3			30	Geochemistry & Geophysics; Geology	Geochemistry & Geophysics; Geology	BK1KR	WOS:000431852700002					2020-09-09	
J	Agranov, M; Yariv, L				Agranov, Marina; Yariv, Leeat			Collusion through communication in auctions	GAMES AND ECONOMIC BEHAVIOR			English	Article						Auctions; Communication; Collusion; Experiments	BIDDER BEHAVIOR; TACIT COLLUSION; 1ST-PRICE; 2ND-PRICE; RECIPROCITY; INFORMATION; EQUILIBRIA	We study the extent to which communication can serve as a collusion device in one-shot first- and second-price sealed-bid auctions. In an array of laboratory experiments we vary the amount of interactions (communication and/or transfers without commitment) available to bidders. We find that communication alone leads to statistically significant but limited price drops. When, in addition, bidders can exchange transfers, revenues decline substantially, with over 70% of our experimental auctions culminating in the object being sold for approximately the minimal price. Furthermore, the effects of communication and transfers are similar across auction formats. We contrast these results with those generated in repeated auctions. By and large, repeated auctions yield lower collusion and lower efficiency levels. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	[Agranov, Marina] CALTECH, Div Humanities & Social Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Yariv, Leeat] Princeton Univ, Dept Econ, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA	Agranov, M (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Humanities & Social Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	magranov@hss.caltech.edu; lyariv@princeton.edu			National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [SES 0963583, SES 1629613]; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation [1158]	We thank Dino Gerardi, Ben Gillen, Sotiris Georganas, Stephen Morris, Jean-Laurent Rosenthal, two anonymous reviewers, and the Advisory Editor for useful suggestions. We also thank Joy Basinger, Silvia Kim, Tatiana Mayskaya, and Li Song for superb research assistance. We gratefully acknowledge financial support from the National Science Foundation (SES 0963583 and SES 1629613) as well as the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation (Grant 1158).		54	4	4	0	8	ACADEMIC PRESS INC ELSEVIER SCIENCE	SAN DIEGO	525 B ST, STE 1900, SAN DIEGO, CA 92101-4495 USA	0899-8256	1090-2473		GAME ECON BEHAV	Games Econ. Behav.	JAN	2018	107						93	108		10.1016/j.geb.2017.10.021			16	Economics	Business & Economics	FU2CK	WOS:000423655600005		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Avice, G; Bekaert, DV; Aoudjehane, HC; Marty, B				Avice, G.; Bekaert, D., V; Aoudjehane, H. Chennaoui; Marty, B.			Noble gases and nitrogen in Tissint reveal he composition of the Mars atmosphere	GEOCHEMICAL PERSPECTIVES LETTERS			English	Article							MARTIAN ATMOSPHERE; ISOTOPIC COMPOSITION; SNC METEORITES; TRAPPED GASES; EARTHS MANTLE; SHERGOTTITES; ORIGIN; SIGNATURES; EVOLUTION; XENON	Comparative planetology is crucial to unravel the origin and evolution of volatile elements on terrestrial planets. We report precise measurements of the elemental and isotopic composition of nitrogen and noble gases in the Martian meteorite Tissint. Ar-N-2 correlations confirm discrepancies between results from Viking and Martian meteorites and those from the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) mission. The Martian atmospheric Ar-10/Ar-36 ratio is estimated to be 1714 +/- 170 (1 sigma), lower than the value determined by Viking but in agreement with, and with higher precision than, data from MSL. We confirm a solar wind-like origin for Martian Kr and Xe. Excesses on light Kr isotopes are lower than those measured by MSL. Cosmogenic excesses in the Xe isotopic spectrum could have been produced in space during exposure of the fissint parent body to cosmic rays.	[Avice, G.; Bekaert, D., V; Marty, B.] Univ Lorraine, CRPG CNRS, 15 Rue Notre Dame Pauvres, F-54500 Vandoeuvre Les Nancy, France; [Avice, G.] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Aoudjehane, H. Chennaoui] Hassan II Univ Casablanca, Fac Sci Ain Chock, GAIA Lab, Km 8 Route Jadida, Casablanca 20150, Morocco	Avice, G (corresponding author), Univ Lorraine, CRPG CNRS, 15 Rue Notre Dame Pauvres, F-54500 Vandoeuvre Les Nancy, France.; Avice, G (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	gavice@caltech.edu		Avice, Guillaume/0000-0003-0962-0049; Chennaoui, Hasnaa/0000-0001-8792-246X	European Research CouncilEuropean Research Council (ERC) [267255, 69618]	L. Ferriere and the Natural History Museum, Vienna kindly provided some samples (NHMW_#7996_35a3a and NHMW_#7996_35a3b). We thank three anonymous reviewers for their comments and Liane G. Benning for editorial handling. This study was supported by the European Research Council (grants no. 267255 and 69618 to B.M.). L. Zimmermann is thanked for N-Ar measurements. CRPG contribution #2546.		42	7	7	1	5	EUROPEAN ASSOC GEOCHEMISTRY	PARIS CEDEX 05	IPGP-GOPEL-BUREAU 566, 1 RUE JUSSIEU, PARIS CEDEX 05, 75238, FRANCE	2410-339X	2410-3403		GEOCHEM PERSPECT LET	Geochem. Perspect. Lett.		2018	6						11	16		10.7185/geochemlet.1802			6	Geochemistry & Geophysics	Geochemistry & Geophysics	GS6WW	WOS:000443841700002		DOAJ Gold			2020-09-09	
J	Glass, JB; Chen, S; Dawson, KS; Horton, DR; Vogt, S; Ingall, ED; Twining, BS; Orphan, VJ				Glass, Jennifer B.; Chen, Si; Dawson, Katherine S.; Horton, Damian R.; Vogt, Stefan; Ingall, Ellery D.; Twining, Benjamin S.; Orphan, Victoria J.			Trace Metal Imaging of Sulfate-Reducing Bacteria and Methanogenic Archaea at Single-Cell Resolution by Synchrotron X-Ray Fluorescence Imaging	GEOMICROBIOLOGY JOURNAL			English	Article						Metals; methanogen; methanol; sulfate reduction; synchrotron X-ray fluorescence	ANAEROBIC GRANULAR SLUDGES; DESULFOVIBRIO-DESULFURICANS; METHANOSARCINA-BARKERI; CRYSTAL-STRUCTURE; ELECTRON-TRANSFER; COBALT SORPTION; HEAVY-METALS; NICKEL; METHANE; GROWTH	Metal cofactors are required for many enzymes in anaerobic microbial respiration. This study examined iron, cobalt, nickel, copper, and zinc in cellular and abiotic phases at the single-cell scale for a sulfate-reducing bacterium (Desulfococcus multivorans) and a methanogenic archaeon (Methanosarcina acetivorans) using synchrotron X-ray fluorescence microscopy. Relative abundances of cellular metals were also measured by inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry. For both species, zinc and iron were consistently the most abundant cellular metals. M. acetivorans contained higher nickel and cobalt content than D. multivorans, likely due to elevated metal requirements for methylotrophic methanogenesis. Cocultures contained spheroid zinc sulfides and cobalt/copper sulfides.	[Glass, Jennifer B.; Horton, Damian R.; Ingall, Ellery D.] Georgia Inst Technol, Sch Earth & Atmospher Sci, 311 Ferst Dr, Atlanta, GA 30332 USA; [Chen, Si; Vogt, Stefan] Argonne Natl Lab, Adv Photon Source, Argonne, IL 60439 USA; [Dawson, Katherine S.; Orphan, Victoria J.] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Twining, Benjamin S.] Bigelow Lab Ocean Sci, East Boothbay, ME USA	Glass, JB (corresponding author), Georgia Inst Technol, Sch Earth & Atmospher Sci, 311 Ferst Dr, Atlanta, GA 30332 USA.	Jennifer.Glass@eas.gatech.edu	Orphan, Victoria/AAS-5989-2020; Glass, Jennifer/H-5363-2018; Vogt, Stefan/B-9547-2009; Ingall, Ellery/A-5447-2008	Orphan, Victoria/0000-0002-5374-6178; Glass, Jennifer/0000-0003-0775-2486; Vogt, Stefan/0000-0002-8034-5513; Ingall, Ellery/0000-0003-1954-0317; Twining, Benjamin/0000-0002-1365-9192	NASA Astrobiology Postdoctoral Fellowship; NASA Exobiology award [NNX14AJ87G]; DOE Biological and Environmental Research award [DE-SC0004949]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [OCE-0939564, OCE-1232814, OCE-1357375]; NASA Astrobiology Institute Alternative Earths Team (Science Mission Directorate award) [NNA15BB03A]; U.S. DOEUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-AC02-06CH11357]; Michigan Economic Development Corporation; Michigan Technology Tri-Corridor [085P1000817]	This work was supported by a NASA Astrobiology Postdoctoral Fellowship to J.B.G, NASA Exobiology award NNX14AJ87G to J.B.G., DOE Biological and Environmental Research award DE-SC0004949 to V.J.O, NSF award OCE-0939564 to V.J.O, NSF award OCE-1232814 to B.S.T., and NSF award OCE-1357375 to E.D.I. This work was also supported by the NASA Astrobiology Institute Alternative Earths Team (Science Mission Directorate award NNA15BB03A). Use of the Advanced Photon Source, an Office of Science User Facility operated for the U.S. DOE Office of Science by Argonne National Laboratory, was supported by the U.S. DOE under Contract No. DE-AC02-06CH11357. Use of the LS-CAT Sector 21 was supported by the Michigan Economic Development Corporation and the Michigan Technology Tri-Corridor (Grant 085P1000817). We thank two anonymous reviewers for helpful feedback on the previous version of this manuscript.		85	3	3	3	45	TAYLOR & FRANCIS INC	PHILADELPHIA	530 WALNUT STREET, STE 850, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19106 USA	0149-0451	1521-0529		GEOMICROBIOL J	Geomicrobiol. J.		2018	35	1					81	89		10.1080/01490451.2017.1321068			9	Environmental Sciences; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary	Environmental Sciences & Ecology; Geology	GA2CV	WOS:000428125300009		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Chakraborty, A; Thapa, N; Kumar, K; Prasad, NJSSV; Sharma, R; Roy, A		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Chakraborty, Abhijit; Thapa, Nitesh; Kumar, Kapil; Prasad, Neelam J. S. S. V.; Sharma, Rishikesh; Roy, Arpita			PARAS-2 precision radial velocimeter: optical and mechanical design of a fiber-fed high resolution spectrograph under vacuum and temperature control	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		High resolution Spectroscopy; Echelle; Grism; Exoplanets	PERFORMANCE	We present here the optical and mechanical design of a fiber-fed High-resolution spectrograph at resolution (R) = 100,000 which will be under vacuum (0.001 to 0.005 mbar) and temperature controlled environment at 25C +/- 0.001C. The spectrograph will be attached to our upcoming new PRL 2.5m aperture telescope at Gurushikar, Mount Abu, Rajasthan, India. The spectrograph is named PARAS-2 after the successful operation of PARAS (PARAS-1) with our existing 1.2m aperture telescope at Gurushikar, Mount Abu since 2012 summer. The spectrograph (PARAS-2) will be operating in the range of 380nm to 690nm wavelength in a single shot using Grism as a Cross Disperser, R4 Echelle at blaze angle of 76degrees, and pupil diameter of 200 mm. We will use a combination of octagonal and circular fibers along with double scrambler and simultaneous calibration for getting down to the RV precision of 50cm/s or better (< 50cm/s). Minimum 30% time will be reserved for exoplanet work with the spectrograph on the 2.5m telescope when it becomes operational in early 2020. The overall efficiency of the whole spectrograph (Echelle, M1, M2, FM, Grism, Camera lens system, Dewar window) excluding fiber is expected to be 22.5% - 28% and 4% - 8% including optical fiber, telescope and fiber-telescope interface losses.	[Chakraborty, Abhijit; Kumar, Kapil; Prasad, Neelam J. S. S. V.; Sharma, Rishikesh] Phys Res Lab, Astron & Astrophys Div, Ahmadabad 380009, Gujarat, India; [Thapa, Nitesh] Space Applicat Ctr, Ahmadabad 380015, Gujarat, India; [Roy, Arpita] CALTECH, Dept Astron, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Chakraborty, A (corresponding author), Phys Res Lab, Astron & Astrophys Div, Ahmadabad 380009, Gujarat, India.	abhijit@prl.res.in		Sharma, Rishikesh/0000-0001-8983-5300	DOS, India; DOS; PRL; PRL, India	This entire project is funded by PRL & DOS, India. We are thankful to the PRL Director and DOS for support and funding. We also acknowledge the help from Francesco Pepe (Geneva Observatory) and Andrew Szentgyorgyi (Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory, Harvard) for sharing the HARPS Grism design. We are thankful to Andrew Szentgyorgyi (SAO, Harvard) for reviewing the entire Spectrograph design and giving us very useful comments. The authors would also like to thank at PRL whose continuing valuable support has made this project possible. We acknowledge the help from Vishal Shah, Kevikumar Lad, Ashirbad Nayak from PRL, and D. Subramanyam (retired) from SAC, ISRO, India.		9	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107026G	10.1117/12.2313055			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300160		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Chilcote, JK; Bailey, VP; De Rosa, R; Macintosh, B; Nielsen, E; Norton, A; Millar-Blanchaer, MA; Graham, J; Marois, C; Pueyo, L; Rameau, J; Savransky, D; Veran, JP		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Chilcote, Jeffrey K.; Bailey, Vanessa P.; De Rosa, Rob; Macintosh, Bruce; Nielsen, Eric; Norton, Andrew; Millar-Blanchaer, Maxwell A.; Graham, James; Marois, Christian; Pueyo, Laurent; Rameau, Julien; Savransky, Drnitry; Veran, Jean-Pierre			Upgrading the Gemini Planet Imager: GPI 2.0	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Adaptive optics; extrasolar planets; coronagraphy; integral field spectrograph	51 ERI B; BROWN DWARFS; MU-M; SPECTROSCOPY; ATMOSPHERES; SPECTRA; DUST	The Gemini Planet Imager (GPI) is the dedicated high-contrast imaging facility, located on Gemini South, designed for the direct detection and characterization of young Jupiter mass exoplanets. In 2019, Gemini is considering moving GPI from Gemini South to Gemini North. Analysis of GPI's as-built performance has highlighted several key areas of improvement to its detection capabilities while leveraging its current capabilities as a facility class instrument. We present the proposed upgrades which include a pyramid wavefront sensor, broadband low spectral resolution prisms and new apodized-pupil Lyot coronagraph designs all of which will enhance the current science capabilities while enabling new science programs.	[Chilcote, Jeffrey K.; Macintosh, Bruce; Nielsen, Eric; Norton, Andrew] Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Chilcote, Jeffrey K.] Univ Notre Dame, Dept Phys, 225 Nieuwland Sci Hall, Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA; [Bailey, Vanessa P.; Millar-Blanchaer, Maxwell A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [De Rosa, Rob; Graham, James] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Marois, Christian; Veran, Jean-Pierre] Natl Res Council Canada Herzberg, 5071 West Saanich Rd, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada; [Pueyo, Laurent] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Pueyo, Laurent] Univ Montreal, Dept Phys, Inst Rech Exoplanetes, Montreal, PQ H3C 3J7, Canada; [Savransky, Drnitry] Cornell Univ, Sibley Sch Mech & Aerosp Engn, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA	Chilcote, JK (corresponding author), Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA.; Chilcote, JK (corresponding author), Univ Notre Dame, Dept Phys, 225 Nieuwland Sci Hall, Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA.	chilcote@stanford.edu	Savransky, Dmitry/M-1298-2014; Bailey, Vanessa P/H-2247-2018	Savransky, Dmitry/0000-0002-8711-7206; Bailey, Vanessa P/0000-0002-5407-2806; Veran, Jean-Pierre/0000-0001-5613-6976	NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1411868]; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX14AJ80G]; Gemini Observatory [NNX15AD95G, NNX15AC89G]; NASAs Science Mission Directorate; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was supported by grants from NSF AST-1411868 and NASA NNX14AJ80G. Research benefitted from the Gemini Observatory, operated by AURA for NSF and the Gemini consortium also NNX15AD95G and NNX15AC89G. This work benefited from NASAs Nexus for Exoplanet System Science (NExSS) research coordination network sponsored by NASAs Science Mission Directorate. V.B. acknowledges government sponsorship; this research was carried out in part at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		51	3	3	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 1070244	10.1117/12.2313771			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300100					2020-09-09	
S	Cosens, M; Maire, J; Wright, SA; Antonio, F; Aronson, M; Chaim-Weismann, SA; Drake, FD; Horowitz, P; Howard, AW; Raffanti, R; Siemion, APV; Stone, RPS; Treffers, RR; Uttamchandani, A; Werthimer, D		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Cosens, Maren; Maire, Jerome; Wright, Shelley A.; Antonio, Franklin; Aronson, Michael; Chaim-Weismann, Samuel A.; Drake, Frank D.; Horowitz, Paul; Howard, Andrew W.; Raffanti, Rick; Siemion, Andrew P. V.; Stone, Remington P. S.; Treffers, Richard R.; Uttamchandani, Avinash; Werthimer, Dan			Panoramic optical and near-infrared SETI instrument: prototype design and testing	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Search for ExtraTerrestrial Intelligence; SETI; Techno-signatures; Astrophysical transients; Fresnel lenses; Fresnel telescopes; All-sky		The Pulsed All-sky Near-infrared Optical Search for ExtraTerrestrial Intelligence (PANOSETI) is an instrument program that aims to search for fast transient signals (nano-second to seconds) of artificial or astrophysical origin. The PANOSETI instrument objective is to sample the entire observable sky during all observable time at optical and near-infrared wavelengths over 300- 1650 nm.(1) The PANOSETI instrument is designed with a number of modular telescope units using Fresnel lenses (-0.5m) arranged on two geodesic domes in order to maximize sky coverage.2 We present the prototype design and tests of these modular Fresnel telescope units. This consists of the design of mechanical components such as the lens mounting and module frame. One of the most important goals of the modules is to maintain the characteristics of the Fresnel lens under a variety of operating conditions. We discuss how we account for a range of operating temperatures, humidity, and module orientations in our design in order to minimize undesirable changes to our focal length or angular resolution.	[Cosens, Maren; Maire, Jerome; Wright, Shelley A.] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Cosens, Maren; Wright, Shelley A.] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Antonio, Franklin; Siemion, Andrew P. V.] Qualcomm Inc, San Diego, CA USA; [Aronson, Michael] Elect Packaging Man, San Diego, CA USA; [Chaim-Weismann, Samuel A.; Werthimer, Dan] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, 601 Campbell Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Drake, Frank D.; Howard, Andrew W.] SETI Inst, Mountain View, CA USA; [Horowitz, Paul] Harvard Univ, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Howard, Andrew W.] CALTECH, Astron Dept, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Raffanti, Rick] Techne Instruments, Oakland, CA USA; [Howard, Andrew W.] Redbound Univ, Nijmegen, Netherlands; [Stone, Remington P. S.] Univ Calif Observ, Lick Observ, Hamilton, CA USA; [Treffers, Richard R.] Starman Syst, Alamo, CA USA; [Uttamchandani, Avinash] Nonholonomy LLC, Cambridge, MA USA; [Werthimer, Dan] Univ Calif Berkeley, Space Sci Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA	Cosens, M (corresponding author), Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA.; Cosens, M (corresponding author), Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA.	mcosens@ucsd.edu		Cosens, Maren/0000-0002-2248-6107	Bloom field Family Foundation; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1407804]; Breakthrough Prize Foundation; Marilyn and Watson Alberts SETI Chair fund; Planetary Society	The PANOSETI research and instrumentation program is made possible by the enthusiastic support and interest by Franklin Antonio. We thank the Bloom field Family Foundation for supporting SETI research at UC San Diego in the CASS Optical and Infrared Laboratory. Harvard SETI is supported by The Planetary Society. UC Berkeley's SETI efforts involved with PANOSETI are supported by NSF grant 1407804, the Breakthrough Prize Foundation, and the Marilyn and Watson Alberts SETI Chair fund. Lastly, we would like to thank the staff at Mt. Laguna and Lick Observatories for their help with equipment testing.		7	1	1	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107025H	10.1117/12.2314252			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300131		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Creech-Eakman, MJ; Swain, MR; Zellem, RT; Olivares, A; Salcido, C; Schmidt, LM; Jurgenson, A; Pearson, K; Santoro, F; Vasisht, G		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Creech-Eakman, M. J.; Swain, M. R.; Zellem, R. T.; Olivares, A.; Salcido, C.; Schmidt, L. M.; Jurgenson, A.; Pearson, K.; Santoro, F.; Vasisht, G.			The new NESSI - Refurbishment of an NIR MOS for characterizing exoplanets using the Hale telescope	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		near-infrared spectroscopy; multi-object spectroscopy; cryogenics; H2RG; exoplanet transit spectroscopy		NESSI (New Mexico Exoplanet Spectroscopic Survey Instrument) was originally conceived, designed and built under a NASA NM-EPSCoR funded effort as a near-infrared multi-object spectrograph for characterizing exoplanet transits at the Magdalena Ridge Observatory. With the help of funding from JPL, we are moving NESSI to its new home on the Hale telescope in early 2018. Salient features of the New NESSI include a 6.5 arc minute field-of-view, low (R similar to 250) or moderate (R similar to 1100) spectral resolutions across J, H and/or K bands, the ability to stare at transits with high frame-rates, and finally a suite of on-board filters for imaging applications. We present the new design of NESSI, lessons learned in the refurbishment process, as well as an update for next steps in the process.	[Creech-Eakman, M. J.; Olivares, A.; Salcido, C.; Santoro, F.] New Mexico Inst Min & Technol, Magdalena Ridge Observ, Socorro, NM 87801 USA; [Swain, M. R.; Zellem, R. T.; Pearson, K.; Vasisht, G.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Schmidt, L. M.] Texas A&M Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, College Stn, TX USA; [Jurgenson, A.] Genesis Engn Solut, Lanham, MD USA; [Pearson, K.] Univ Arizona, LPL, Tucson, AZ USA	Creech-Eakman, MJ (corresponding author), New Mexico Inst Min & Technol, Magdalena Ridge Observ, Socorro, NM 87801 USA.	michelle.creecheakman@nmt.edu	Vasisht, Gautam/AAP-3022-2020	Vasisht, Gautam/0000-0002-1871-6264	NMT/MRO; NM Space Grant/EPSCoR/NMSU; JPL	Special thanks to Van Romero and Ifan Payne at NMT/MRO for initial financial support of NESSI and to Pat Hynes at NM Space Grant/EPSCoR/NMSU for financial and programmatic support of the personnel/students for the original NESSI. Thanks to the staff at Universal Cryogenics for their flexibility and help with debugging and remaking the system. Thanks to Rob Ligon at MRO for insightful talks on lab testing, and Michael Eastwood, John Shaw and Andre Wong at JPL for conversations and assistance in the lab during testing. Finally, very special thanks for the new financial support and assistance in internal reviews of our progress at JPL, goes to Mike Werner and Charles Lawrence. We also appreciate and acknowledge the tremendous support and enthusiasm of the Palomar Observatory staff and management in these efforts to deploy a new instrument at the Hale Observatory. Financial support is presently provided under an internal grant at JPL.		4	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107023K	10.1117/12.2314242			9	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300089					2020-09-09	
S	de Oliveira, AC; Gunn, JE; Moritani, Y; de Oliveira, LS; dos Santos, LH; Reiley, D; Belland, B; Tamura, N; Takato, N; Sodre, L; Castilho, B; Keith, DL		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		de Oliveira, Antonio Cesar; Gunn, James E.; Moritani, Yuki; de Oliveira, Ligia Souza; dos Santos, Leandro Henrique; Reiley, Daniel; Belland, Brent; Tamura, Naoyuki; Takato, Naruhisa; Sodre Junior, Laerte; Castilho, Bruno; Keith, David L.			FRD characterization in large-scale for FOCCoS of Prime Focus Spectrograph for Subaru telescope	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope				The focal ratio degradation effects on optical fibers, technically referred to as FRD, has been the subject of intense studies since the beginning of the use of optical fibers in the construction of instruments applied in astronomy. A number of studies attempt to relate FRD to light loss in the optical system and other studies attempt to qualify and quantify FRD as a function of the stress induced during assembly of the structures supporting the ends of the optical fibers. In this work, we present a large-scale study to characterize FRD in all the fibers that make up the cables of the FOCCoS, Fiber Optical Cable and Connectors System project. FOCCoS, has the main function of capturing the direct light from the focal plane of Subaru Telescope using 2400 optical fibers, each one with a microlens in its tip, and conducting this light through a route containing connectors to a set of four spectrographs. The optical fiber cable is divided in 3 different segments called Cable A, Cable B and Cable C. Multi-fibers connectors assure precise connection among all optical fibers of the segments, providing flexibility for instrument changes. Our study provides procedures and methods to analyze the effects of FRD on all cable segments for each type of termination involved. Special attention is devoted to the understanding of how angular deviations between the input surface of the fiber and the test beam can significantly influence the calculation of FRD in optical fibers.	[de Oliveira, Antonio Cesar; Castilho, Bruno] MCT, LNA, Itajuba, MG, Brazil; [Gunn, James E.] Princeton Univ, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Moritani, Yuki; Tamura, Naoyuki] Univ Tokyo, Inst Adv Study, Kavli Inst Phys & Math Universe WPI, Kashiwa, Chiba 2778583, Japan; [Moritani, Yuki; Tamura, Naoyuki] Univ Tokyo, IPMU, Tokyo, Japan; [de Oliveira, Ligia Souza; dos Santos, Leandro Henrique] OIO, Itajuba, MG, Brazil; [de Oliveira, Ligia Souza; dos Santos, Leandro Henrique] OIO, Sao Paulo, SP, Brazil; [Reiley, Daniel; Belland, Brent] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Takato, Naruhisa] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, Hilo, HI USA; [Sodre Junior, Laerte] Univ Sao Paulo, IAG, Sao Paulo, SP, Brazil	de Oliveira, AC (corresponding author), MCT, LNA, Itajuba, MG, Brazil.		Sodre, Laerte/P-6045-2016	Sodre, Laerte/0000-0002-3876-268X	Funding Program for World-Leading Innovative R&D on Science and Technology (FIRST) program "Subaru Measurements of Images and Redshifts (SuMIRe)", CSTP, Japan; FAPESPFundacao de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado de Sao Paulo (FAPESP) [2012/00800-4]; Laboratorio Nacional de Astrofisica from MCTI	We gratefully acknowledge support from the Funding Program for World-Leading Innovative R&D on Science and Technology (FIRST) program "Subaru Measurements of Images and Redshifts (SuMIRe)", CSTP, Japan. The work in Brazil is supported by the FAPESP grant 2012/00800-4 and the Laboratorio Nacional de Astrofisica from MCTI.		8	0	0	2	7	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107027R	10.1117/12.2312287			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300196		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Delorme, JR; Jovanovic, N; Wallace, JK; Bartos, RD; Echeverri, D; Bond, CZ; Cetre, S; Lilley, S; Jacobson, S; Mawet, D; Wizinowich, PL; Fitzgerald, M		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Delorme, J. R.; Jovanovic, N.; Wallace, J. K.; Bartos, R. D.; Echeverri, D.; Bond, C. Z.; Cetre, S.; Lilley, S.; Jacobson, S.; Mawet, D.; Wizinowich, P. L.; Fitzgerald, M.			First version of the fiber injection unit for the Keck Planet Imager and Characterizer	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Adaptive Optics; High contrast imaging; High resolution spectroscopy; Exoplanet characterization; Doppler imaging		Coupling a high-contrast imaging instrument to a high-resolution spectrograph has the potential to enable the most detailed characterization of exoplanet atmospheres, including spin measurements and Doppler mapping. The high-contrast imaging system serves as a spatial filter to separate the light from the star and the planet while the high-resolution spectrograph acts as a spectral filter, which differentiates between features in the stellar and planetary spectra. The Keck Planet Imager and Characterizer (KPIC) located downstream from the current W. M. Keck II adaptive optics (AO) system will contain a fiber injection unit (FIU) combining a high-contrast imaging system and a fiber feed to Keck's high resolution infrared spectrograph NIRSPEC. Resolved thermal emission from known young giant exoplanets will be injected into a single-mode fiber linked to NIRSPEC, thereby allowing the spectral characterization of their atmospheres. Moreover, the resolution of NIRSPEC (R = 37,500 after upgrade) is high enough to enable spin measurements and Doppler imaging of atmospheric weather phenomenon. The module was integrated at Caltech and shipped to Hawaii at the beginning of 2018 and is currently undergoing characterization. Its transfer to Keck is planned in September and first on-sky tests sometime in December.	[Delorme, J. R.; Jovanovic, N.; Echeverri, D.; Mawet, D.] CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wallace, J. K.; Bartos, R. D.; Mawet, D.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Cetre, S.; Lilley, S.; Wizinowich, P. L.] WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Hwy, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA; [Bond, C. Z.; Jacobson, S.] Univ Hawaii, 640 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Fitzgerald, M.] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Phys & Astron, 430 Portola Plaza, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA	Delorme, JR (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	jdelorme@caltech.edu	Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020; Fitzgerald, Michael/C-2642-2009	Fitzgerald, Michael/0000-0002-0176-8973	W. M. Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1611623, AST 1106391]; Heising-Simons Foundation	The W. M. Keck Observatory is operated as a scientific partnership among the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The Observatory was made possible by the generous financial support of the W. M. Keck Foundation. The near-infrared pyramid wavefront sensor is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1611623. The fiber injection unit is supported by the Heising-Simons Foundation. The PWS camera was provided by Don Hall as part of his National Science Foundation funding under Grant No. AST 1106391.		2	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 1070225	10.1117/12.2310063			8	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300047		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Duggan, GE; Dekany, R; Milburn, J		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Duggan, Gina E.; Dekany, Richard; Milburn, Jennifer			Aligning the ZTF Science Focal Plane Using Stellar Images	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		ground-based telescopes; instrumentation; ccd cameras; ccd positioning; ccd alignment; metrology		The Zwicky Transient Facility (ZTF) is a next-generation, optical, synoptic survey that leverages the success of the Palomar Transient Factory (PTF). ZTF has a large science focal plane (SFP) that needs to be aligned such that all portions of the CCDs are simultaneously placed in focus to optimize the survey's efficiency. The SFP consists of 16 large, wafer-scale science CCDs, which are mosaicked to achieve 47 deg2 field of view. The SFP is aligned by repositioning each CCD based on the measured height map, which is a map of the camera's z position at which each portion of the CCD is in focus. This height map is measured using on-sky stellar images in order to recreate the optical path that will be used throughout the survey. We present our technique for placing the SFP in focus, which includes two different methods to measure the height map of the SFP. The first method measures the height at which a star is in focus by fitting a parabola to each star's photometric width as the star is moved in and out of focus. The second method measures the height by decomposing a defocused star into its image moments. We will discuss the strengths and limitations of each method and their outputs. By repositioning the CCDs, we were able to reduce the standard deviation of the height map from 33 to 14 microns, which improved the survey's speed by similar to 81%.	[Duggan, Gina E.; Dekany, Richard; Milburn, Jennifer] CALTECH, Caltech Opt Observ, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Duggan, GE (corresponding author), CALTECH, Caltech Opt Observ, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	gduggan@astro.caltech.edu			National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [DGE1745301]; U.S. National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1440341]	This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship under Grant No. DGE1745301. This work is based on observations obtained with the Samuel Oschin Telescope 48-inch and the 60-inch Telescope at the Palomar Observatory as part of the Zwicky Transient Facility project, a scientific collaboration among the California Institute of Technology, the Oskar Klein Centre, the Weizmann Institute of Science, the University of Maryland, the University of Washington, Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron, the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, and the TANGO Program of the University System of Taiwan. Further support is provided by the U.S. National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1440341.		8	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107024K	10.1117/12.2309994			18	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300112		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Gibson, SR; Howard, AW; Roy, A; Smith, C; Halverson, S; Edelstein, J; Kassis, M; Wishnow, EH; Raffanti, M; Allen, S; Chin, J; Coutts, D; Cowley, D; Curtis, J; Deich, W; Feger, T; Finstad, D; Gurevich, Y; Ishikawa, Y; James, E; Jhoti, E; Lanclos, K; Lilley, S; Miller, T; Milner, S; Payne, T; Rider, K; Rockosi, C; Sandford, D; Schwab, C; Seifahrt, A; Sirk, MM; Smith, R; Stuermer, J; Weisfeiler, M; Wilcox, M; Vandenberg, A; Wizinowich, P		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Gibson, Steven R.; Howard, Andrew W.; Roy, Arpita; Smith, Christopher; Halverson, Sam; Edelstein, Jerry; Kassis, Marc; Wishnow, Edward H.; Raffanti, Mike; Allen, Steve; Chin, Jason; Coutts, David; Cowley, David; Curtis, Jim; Deich, William; Feger, Tobias; Finstad, Daniel; Gurevich, Yulia; Ishikawa, Yuzo; James, Ean; Jhoti, Elisha; Lanclos, Kyle; Lilley, Scott; Miller, Tim; Milner, Steve; Payne, Tom; Rider, Kodi; Rockosi, Constance; Sandford, Dale; Schwab, Chiristian; Seifahrt, Andreas; Sirk, Martin M.; Smith, Roger; Stuermer, Julian; Weisfeiler, Marie; Wilcox, Mavourneen; Vandenberg, Adam; Wizinowich, Peter			Keck Planet Finder: Preliminary Design	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Spectrometer; exoplanets; Doppler spectroscopy; radial velocity; Zerodur	FIBER-FED SPECTROGRAPH; ECHELLE SPECTROGRAPH; PERFORMANCE	The Keck Planet Finder (KPF) is a fiber-fed, high-resolution, high-stability spectrometer in development for the W.M. Keck Observatory. The instrument recently passed its preliminary design review and is currently in the detailed design phase. KPF is designed to characterize exoplanets using Doppler spectroscopy with a single measurement precision of 0.5 m s(-1) or better; however, its resolution and stability will enable a wide variety of other astrophysical pursuits. KPF will have a 200 mm collimated beam diameter and a resolving power greater than 80,000. The design includes a green channel (445 nm to 600 nm) and red channel (600 nm to 870 nm). A novel design aspect of KPF is the use of a Zerodur optical bench, and Zerodur optics with integral mounts, to provide stability against thermal expansion and contraction effects.	[Gibson, Steven R.; Howard, Andrew W.; Smith, Christopher; Edelstein, Jerry; Wishnow, Edward H.; Raffanti, Mike; Curtis, Jim; Finstad, Daniel; Ishikawa, Yuzo; Jhoti, Elisha; Miller, Tim; Payne, Tom; Rider, Kodi; Sirk, Martin M.; Weisfeiler, Marie] Univ Calif Berkeley, Space Sci Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Howard, Andrew W.; Roy, Arpita; Smith, Roger] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Halverson, Sam] Univ Penn, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Halverson, Sam] MIT, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Kassis, Marc; Chin, Jason; James, Ean; Lanclos, Kyle; Lilley, Scott; Milner, Steve; Wilcox, Mavourneen; Vandenberg, Adam; Wizinowich, Peter] WM Keck Observ, Kamuela, HI USA; [Allen, Steve; Cowley, David; Deich, William; Rockosi, Constance; Sandford, Dale] Univ Calif Observ, Santa Cruz, CA USA; [Rockosi, Constance] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Coutts, David; Feger, Tobias; Schwab, Chiristian] Macquarie Univ, Sydney, NSW, Australia; [Seifahrt, Andreas; Stuermer, Julian] Univ Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Jhoti, Elisha] Univ Edinburgh, Edinburgh, Midlothian, Scotland; [Gurevich, Yulia] Heidelberg Univ, Heidelberg, Germany; [Payne, Tom] Univ Manchester, Manchester, Lancs, England; [Ishikawa, Yuzo] San Francisco State Univ, San Francisco, CA 94132 USA; [Finstad, Daniel] Syracuse Univ, Syracuse, NY USA	Gibson, SR (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Space Sci Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	gibson@ssl.berkeley.edu	Coutts, David/A-3319-2013	Coutts, David/0000-0002-8857-9832; Schwab, Christian/0000-0002-4046-987X; Feger, Tobias/0000-0002-6561-1764; Ishikawa, Yuzo/0000-0001-7572-5231	Heising-Simons Foundation; W.M. Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; University of California, BerkeleyUniversity of California System; California Institute of Technology; University of Hawaii; NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program	The authors thank the Heising-Simons Foundation, the W.M. Keck Foundation, the University of California, Berkeley, the California Institute of Technology, and the University of Hawaii for financial support of KPF. The authors also wish to thank Winlight Systems for their valuable contributions to the designs of the reformatter and cameras, as well as the DESI project for sharing their camera designs and their expertise with optical fibers. This work was performed by SPH under contract with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) funded by NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program executed by the NASA Exoplanet Science Institute.		49	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107025X	10.1117/12.2311565			20	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300145					2020-09-09	
S	Hayano, Y; Suzuki, R; Uchiyama, M; Uraguchi, F; Ikenoue, B; Obuchi, Y; Saito, S; Tanaka, Y; Nakamoto, T; Nakamura, K; Larkin, JE; Wright, SA; Chisholm, EM; Dunn, JS; Weber, RW; Andersen, D		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Hayano, Yutaka; Suzuki, Ryuji; Uchiyama, Mizuho; Uraguchi, Fumihiro; Ikenoue, Bungo; Obuchi, Yoshiyuki; Saito, Sakae; Tanaka, Yoko; Nakamoto, Takashi; Nakamura, Koji; Larkin, James E.; Wright, Shelley A.; Chisholm, Eric M.; Dunn, Jennifer S.; Weber, Robert W.; Andersen, David			The infrared imaging spectrograph (IRIS) for TMT: Status report for IRIS imager	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Extremely Large Telescope; TMT; Infrared Instrument; IRIS		The current status of IRIS imager at NAOJ is reported. IRIS (Infrared Imaging Spectrograph) is a first light instrument of TMT (Thirty Meter Telescope). IRIS has just passed the preliminary design review and moved forward to the final design phase. In this paper, optical and mechanical design of IRIS imager and prototyping activities conducted during the preliminary design phase are summarized.	[Hayano, Yutaka; Suzuki, Ryuji; Uchiyama, Mizuho; Uraguchi, Fumihiro; Ikenoue, Bungo; Obuchi, Yoshiyuki; Saito, Sakae; Nakamoto, Takashi; Nakamura, Koji] Natl Astron Observ Japan, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Hayano, Yutaka; Suzuki, Ryuji; Uchiyama, Mizuho; Uraguchi, Fumihiro; Ikenoue, Bungo; Obuchi, Yoshiyuki; Saito, Sakae; Nakamoto, Takashi; Nakamura, Koji] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Larkin, James E.] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Phys & Astron, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Wright, Shelley A.] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Chisholm, Eric M.] Thirty Meter Telescope Int Observ, 100 W Walnut St,300, Pasadena, CA 91124 USA; [Dunn, Jennifer S.; Andersen, David] Natl Res Council Canada Herzberg, 5071 W Saanich Rd, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada; [Weber, Robert W.] CALTECH, Opt Observ, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Hayano, Y (corresponding author), Natl Astron Observ Japan, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan.; Hayano, Y (corresponding author), Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA.	hayano@naoj.org		Nakamoto, Takashi/0000-0001-5550-9726; Uchiyama, Mizuho/0000-0002-6681-7318				4	0	0	1	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 10702A8	10.1117/12.2314327			8	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300264		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Jovanovic, N; Ruane, G; Echeverri, D; Delorme, JR; Mawet, D; Fucik, J; Wallace, JK; Coker, C; Delacroix, A; Levraud, N; Sayson, JDL; Wang, J; Riddle, R; Millar-Blanchaer, MA		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Jovanovic, N.; Ruane, G.; Echeverri, D.; Delorme, J. R.; Mawet, D.; Fucik, J.; Wallace, J. K.; Coker, C.; Delacroix, A.; Levraud, N.; Sayson, J. D. Llop; Wang, J.; Riddle, R.; Millar-Blanchaer, M. A.			High-contrast spectroscopy testbed for Segmented Telescopes: instrument overview and development progress	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Wavefront sensing; common path wavefront sensing; coherent differential imaging; high contrast imaging; exoplanets		The High Contrast spectroscopy testbed for Segmented Telescopes (HCST) is being developed at Caltech. It aims at addressing the technology gap for future exoplanet imagers and providing the U.S. community with an academic facility to test components and techniques for high contrast imaging, focusing on segmented apertures proposed for future ground-based (TMT, ELT) and space-based telescopes (HabEx, LUVOIR). We present an overview of the design of the instrument and a detailed look at the testbed build and initial alignment. We offer insights into stumbling blocks encountered along the path and show that the testbed is now operational and open for business. We aim to use the testbed in the future for testing of high contrast imaging techniques and technologies with amongst with thing, a TMT-like pupil.	[Jovanovic, N.; Ruane, G.; Echeverri, D.; Delorme, J. R.; Mawet, D.; Fucik, J.; Delacroix, A.; Levraud, N.; Sayson, J. D. Llop; Wang, J.; Riddle, R.] CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Mawet, D.; Wallace, J. K.; Coker, C.; Millar-Blanchaer, M. A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Jovanovic, N (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	jovanovic.nem@gmail.com	Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020; Ruane, Garreth/A-5997-2013	Ruane, Garreth/0000-0003-4769-1665	Heising-Simons foundation; NSF Astronomy and Astrophysics Postdoctoral FellowshipNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1602444]; Exoplanet Exploration Program (ExEP); Jet Propulsion LaboratoryNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); California Institute of Technology	The authors would like to acknowledge the financial support of the Heising-Simons foundation. G. Ruane is supported by an NSF Astronomy and Astrophysics Postdoctoral Fellowship under award AST-1602444. This work was also supported by the Exoplanet Exploration Program (ExEP), Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract to NASA.		11	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107024E	10.1117/12.2314325			8	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300106		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Kaufl, HU; Kasper, M; Arsenaut, R; Jakob, G; Leveratto, S; Zins, G; Fuenteseca, E; Riquelme, M; Siebenmorgen, R; Sterzik, M; Ageorges, N; Gutruf, S; Kampf, D; Reutlinger, A; Absil, O; Carlomagno, B; Guyon, O; Klupar, P; Mawet, D; Ruane, G; Karlsson, M; Pantin, E; Dohlen, K		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Kaeufl, Hans Ulrich; Kasper, Markus; Arsenaut, Robin; Jakob, Gerd; Leveratto, Serban; Zins, Gerard; Fuenteseca, Eloy; Riquelme, Miguel; Siebenmorgen, Ralf; Sterzik, Michael; Ageorges, Nancy; Gutruf, Sven; Kampf, Dirk; Reutlinger, Arnd; Absil, Olivier; Carlomagno, Brunella; Guyon, Olivier; Klupar, Pete; Mawet, Dimitri; Ruane, Garreth; Karlsson, Mikael; Pantin, Eric; Dohlen, Kjetil			NEAR: New Earths in the Alpha Cen Region (bringing VISIR as a "visiting instrument" to ESO-VLT-UT4)	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		exo-Earth; alpha-Cen; habitable zone; coronagraphy; apodization; extreme AO; thermal infrared	TIMMI2	ESO in collaboration with the Breakthrough Initiatives, is adding a dedicated coronagraph to the Very Large Telescope mid-IR imager (VISIR) to further boost the high dynamic range imaging capability of this instrument. After the VISIR upgrade in 2012, where coronagraphic masks were first added to VISIR, it became evident that coronagraphy at a ground-based 8m-class telescope, even at wavelengths as long as 10 mu m, critically needs adaptive optics. For VISIR, a work-horse observatory facility instrument in normal operations, this is "easiest" achieved by bringing VISIR as a visiting instrument to the ESO-VLT-UT4 having an adaptive M2. This "visit" enables a meaningful search for Earth-like planets in the habitable zone around both alpha-Cen(1) and alpha-Cen(2). Meaningful here means, achieving a contrast of approximate to 10(-6) within approximate to 0.8 arcsec from the star. Various measures to improve the sensitivity of VISIR will be applied, especially a dedicated filter, faster chopping and a Strehl-ratio close to 100% thanks to extreme adaptive optics. This should allow to detect a planet twice the diameter of Earth in 50 h on source integration time. Key components will be a diffractive coronagraphic mask, the annular groove phase mask (AGPM), optimized for the most sensitive spectral band-pass in the N-band, complemented by a sophisticated apodizer at the level of the Lyot stop. For VISIR noise filtering based on fast chopping is required. A novel internal chopper system will be integrated into the cryostat. This chopper is based on the standard technique from early radio astronomy, conceived by the microwave pioneer Robert Dicke in 1946, which was instrumental for the discovery of the 3K microwave background. For risk mitigation all components are being tested and quali fi ed under realistic conditions in the lab at ESO headquarters before integration into the instrument. The performance or suppression of the coronagraph is so good, that a non-thermal source (vulgo a laser) is needed on the test-bench. We will give an overview of the optical changes to VISIR, the implementation of wave front sensing, the Dicke switch design and laboratory testing, the AGPM design and laboratory testing, non common path error control with a ZELDA mask, sensitivity and contrast estimates, data flow and analysis, the overall project status, plan and outlook Needless to say that this project is of critical interest for future infrared instrumentation at the next generation of extremely large telescopes aiming at surveying the solar neighborhood for terrestrial planets by detecting and characterizing them based on their mid-IR fluxes.	[Kaeufl, Hans Ulrich; Kasper, Markus; Arsenaut, Robin; Jakob, Gerd; Leveratto, Serban; Siebenmorgen, Ralf; Sterzik, Michael] European Southern Observ, Karl Schwarzschild Str 2, D-85746 Garching, Germany; [Leveratto, Serban] Delft Univ Technol, Postbus 5, NL-2600 AA Delft, Netherlands; [Zins, Gerard; Fuenteseca, Eloy; Riquelme, Miguel] European Southern Observ, Alonso de Cordoba 3107, Santiago 7630355, Chile; [Ageorges, Nancy; Gutruf, Sven; Kampf, Dirk; Reutlinger, Arnd] Kampf Teleskop Opt, Alois Gilg Weg 7, D-81373 Munich, Germany; [Absil, Olivier; Carlomagno, Brunella] Univ Liege, Space Sci Technol & Astrophys Res STAR Inst, Bat B5c, B-4000 Sart Tilman Par Liege, Belgium; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Klupar, Pete] Breakthrough Initiat, 3000 Sand Hill Rd,4-180, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri; Ruane, Garreth] Dept Astron, MC 249-17 Caltech,1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Karlsson, Mikael] Angstrom Lab, POB 516, S-75120 Uppsala, Sweden; [Pantin, Eric] CEA Saclay, Orme Merisiers Bat 709, F-91191 Gif Sur Yvette, France; [Dohlen, Kjetil] LAM, 38 Rue Frederic Joliot Curie, F-13388 Marseille 13, France	Kaufl, HU (corresponding author), European Southern Observ, Karl Schwarzschild Str 2, D-85746 Garching, Germany.	hukaufl@eso.org; mkasper@eso.org	Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Sterzik, Michael F./0000-0002-5784-4437; Ruane, Garreth/0000-0003-4769-1665	Breakthrough Initiatives	This project was only possible with the enthusiastic support of many staff at ESO, but also in the community. Of particular importance is a grant by the Breakthrough Initiatives and the generous offer of DDT by ESO's Director General.		23	2	2	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107020D	10.1117/12.2313395			10	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300007		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Kanodia, S; Mahadevan, S; Ramsey, LW; Stefansson, GK; Monson, AJ; Hearty, FR; Blakeslee, S; Lubar, E; Bender, CF; Ninan, JP; Sterner, D; Roy, A; Halverson, SP; Robertson, PM		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Kanodia, Shubham; Mahadevan, Suvrath; Ramsey, Lawrence W.; Stefansson, Gudmundur K.; Monson, Andrew J.; Hearty, Frederick R.; Blakeslee, Scott; Lubar, Emily; Bender, Chad F.; Ninan, J. P.; Sterner, David; Roy, Arpita; Halverson, Samuel P.; Robertson, Paul M.			Overview of the spectrometer optical fiber feed for the Habitable-zone Planet Finder	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Radial Velocity; Optical Fiber; Splicing; Scrambling; Ball Scrambler; Precision RV	HIGH-RESOLUTION	The Habitable-zone Planet Finder (HPF) is a highly stabilized fiber fed precision radial velocity (RV) spectrograph working in the Near Infrared (NIR): 810 - 1280 nm. In this paper we present an overview of the preparation of the optical fibers for HPF. The entire fiber train from the telescope focus down to the cryostat is detailed. We also discuss the fiber polishing, splicing and its integration into the instrument using a fused silica puck. HPF was designed to be able to operate in two modes, High Resolution (HR- the only mode mode currently commissioned) and High Efficiency (HE). We discuss these fiber heads and the procedure we adopted to attach the slit on to the HR fibers.	[Kanodia, Shubham; Mahadevan, Suvrath; Ramsey, Lawrence W.; Stefansson, Gudmundur K.; Monson, Andrew J.; Hearty, Frederick R.; Blakeslee, Scott; Lubar, Emily; Ninan, J. P.; Sterner, David] Penn State Univ, Dept Astron & Astrophys, 525 Davey Lab, University Pk, PA 16802 USA; [Kanodia, Shubham; Mahadevan, Suvrath; Ramsey, Lawrence W.; Stefansson, Gudmundur K.; Monson, Andrew J.; Hearty, Frederick R.; Blakeslee, Scott; Lubar, Emily; Ninan, J. P.; Sterner, David] Penn State Univ, Ctr Exoplanets & Habitable Worlds, University Pk, PA 16802 USA; [Bender, Chad F.] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Roy, Arpita] CALTECH, Dept Astron, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Halverson, Samuel P.] Univ Penn, Dept Phys & Astron, 209 S 33rd St, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Robertson, Paul M.] Univ Calif Irvine, Dept Phys & Astron, 4129 Frederick Reines Hall, Irvine, CA 92697 USA	Kanodia, S (corresponding author), Penn State Univ, Dept Astron & Astrophys, 525 Davey Lab, University Pk, PA 16802 USA.; Kanodia, S (corresponding author), Penn State Univ, Ctr Exoplanets & Habitable Worlds, University Pk, PA 16802 USA.	szk381@psu.edu		Kanodia, Shubham/0000-0001-8401-4300; Robertson, Paul/0000-0003-0149-9678	Center for Exoplanet and Habitable Worlds; Pennsylvania State University; Eberly College of Science; Pennsylvania Space Grant Consortium; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST1006676, AST1126413, AST1310585]; NASA Astrobiology Institute [NNA091DA76A]; Braddock fellowship; Leiria Piriksson foundation	This work was partially supported by the funding from The Center for Exoplanet and IIaibitable Worlds. The Center for Exoplanet and Habitable Worlds is supported by The Pennsylvania State University, The Eberly College of Science, and The Pennsylvania Space Grant Consortium. We acknowledge support, from NSF grants, AST1006676, AST1126413, AST1310585, and the NASA Astrobiology Institute (NNA091)A76A) in our pursuit of precision radial velocities in NIR. SK acknowledges support from the Braddock fellowship. CKS acknowledges support, from the Leiria Piriksson foundation.		28	3	3	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107026Q	10.1117/12.2313491			18	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300169		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Kassis, M; Chan, D; Kwok, S; Krasuski, T; Lyke, JE; Ragland, S; Lilley, S; Cetre, S; Wizinowich, P; Lewis, HA; Gomez, P; Rizzi, L; Larkin, JE; Do, T; Fitzgerald, MP; Skemer, A; Prochaska, JX; Westfall, K; Mazin, B; Mawet, D; Matthews, K; Martin, C; Howard, AW; Lu, JR; Chun, MR		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Kassis, Marc; Chan, Dwight; Kwok, Shui; Krasuski, Tomas; Lyke, James E.; Ragland, Sam; Lilley, Scott; Cetre, Sylvain; Wizinowich, Peter; Lewis, Hilton A.; Gomez, Percy; Rizzi, Luca; Larkin, James E.; Tuan Do; Fitzgerald, Michael P.; Skemer, Andy; Prochaska, J. Xavier; Westfall, Kyle; Mazin, Ben; Mawet, Dimitri; Matthews, Keith; Martin, Christopher; Howard, Andrew W.; Lu, Jessica R.; Chun, Mark R.			Innovations and advances in instrumentation at the W. M. Keck Observatory	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Infrared; Instrumentation; Integral Field; Laser Guide Star; Spectrograph; Telescope Control; Adaptive Optics		Since the start of operations in 1993, the twin 10 meter W. M. Keck Observatory telescopes have continued to maximize their scientific impact and to produce transformative discoveries that keep the observing community on the frontiers of astronomical research. Upgraded capabilities and new instrumentation are provided though collaborative partnerships with Caltech and UC instrument development teams. The observatory adapts and responds to the observers' evolving needs as defined in the observatory's strategic plan, periodically refreshed in collaboration with the science community. This paper summarizes the performance of recently commissioned infrastructure projects, technology upgrades, and new additions to the suite of instrumentation at the observatory. We will also provide a status of projects currently in the design or development phase, and since we need to keep our eye on the future, we mention projects in exploratory phases that originate from our strategic plan. Recently commissioned projects include telescope control system upgrades, OSIRIS spectrometer and imager upgrades, and deployments of the Keck Cosmic Web Imager (KCWI), the Near-Infrared Echellette Spectrometer (NIRES), and the Keck I Deployable Tertiary Mirror (KIDM3). Under development are upgrades to the NIRSPEC instrument and adaptive optics (AO) system. Major instrumentation in design phases include the Keck Cosmic Reionization Mapper and the Keck Planet Finder. Future instrumentation studies and proposals underway include a Ground Layer Adaptive Optics system, NIRC2 upgrades, the energy sensitive instrument KRAKENS, an integral field spectrograph LIGER, and a laser tomography AO upgrade. Last, we briefly discuss recovering MOSFIRE and its return to science operations.	[Kassis, Marc; Chan, Dwight; Kwok, Shui; Krasuski, Tomas; Lyke, James E.; Ragland, Sam; Lilley, Scott; Cetre, Sylvain; Wizinowich, Peter; Lewis, Hilton A.; Gomez, Percy; Rizzi, Luca] WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Hwy, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA; [Larkin, James E.; Tuan Do; Fitzgerald, Michael P.] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Box 951547, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Skemer, Andy; Prochaska, J. Xavier; Westfall, Kyle] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, 1156 High St, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Mazin, Ben] Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri; Matthews, Keith; Martin, Christopher; Howard, Andrew W.] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Lu, Jessica R.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Campbell Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Chun, Mark R.] Univ Hawaii, Inst Astron, 640 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA	Kassis, M (corresponding author), WM Keck Observ, 65-1120 Mamalahoa Hwy, Kamuela, HI 96743 USA.		Fitzgerald, Michael/C-2642-2009	Fitzgerald, Michael/0000-0002-0176-8973	W. M. Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [5, AST-1429890, AST-1311102, AST-1337609, AST-1532315, AST-1727071]; Heising-Simons Foundation; Mount Cuba Foundation; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation	The data presented herein were obtained at the W. M. Keck Observatory, which is operated as a scientific partnership among the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The Observatory was made possible by the generous financial support of the W. M. Keck Foundation. We wish to recognize and acknowledge the very significant cultural role and reverence that the summit of Maunakea has always had within the indigenous Hawaiian community. We are most fortunate to have the opportunity to conduct observations from this mountain.; For the projects described in this paper, there are several sources of funding we wish to acknowledge. The development of the blue channel of KCWI is supported in part by a grant from National Science Foundation under Scientific Program Order No. 5 as issued for support of the Telescope Systems Instrumentation Program (TSIP), in accordance with Proposal No. AST-0335461 submitted by AURA. Support for KCWI has also come from the Heising-Simons Foundation and the Mount Cuba Foundation. KCRM is supported in part by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1429890. The OSIRIS spectrograph upgrade including DRP development is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1311102 while the imager upgrade project is supported by funding from the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation. K1DM3 is supported in part by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1337609. The NIRSPEC upgrade is supported in part by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1532315 and by the Heising-Simons Foundation. The wave front controller supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant AST-1727071. Development of KPF is supported by the Heising-Simons Foundation.		30	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 1070207	10.1117/12.2312316			20	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300267		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Kotani, T; Tamura, M; Nishikawa, J; Ueda, A; Kuzuhara, M; Omiya, M; Hashimoto, J; Ishizuka, M; Hirano, T; Suto, H; Kurokawa, T; Kokubo, T; Mori, T; Tanaka, Y; Kashiwagi, K; Konishi, M; Kudo, T; Sato, B; Jacobson, S; Hodapp, KW; Hall, DB; Aoki, W; Usuda, T; Nishiyama, S; Nakajima, T; Ikeda, Y; Yamamuro, T; Morino, JI; Baba, H; Hosokawa, K; Ishikawa, HT; Narita, N; Kokubo, E; Hayano, Y; Izumiura, H; Kambe, E; Kusakabe, N; Kwon, J; Ikoma, M; Hori, Y; Genda, H; Fukui, A; Fujii, Y; Kawahara, H; Guyon, O; Jovanovi, N; Harakawa, H; Hayashi, M; Hidai, M; Machida, M; Matsuo, T; Nagata, T; Ogihara, M; Takami, H; Takato, N; Terada, H; Oh, D		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Kotani, Takayuki; Tamura, Motohide; Nishikawa, Jun; Ueda, Akitoshi; Kuzuhara, Masayuki; Omiya, Masashi; Hashimoto, Jun; Ishizuka, Masato; Hirano, Teruyuki; Suto, Hiroshi; Kurokawa, Takashi; Kokubo, Tsukasa; Mori, Takahiro; Tanaka, Yosuke; Kashiwagi, Ken; Konishi, Mihoko; Kudo, Tomoyuki; Sato, Bun'ei; Jacobson, Shane; Hodapp, Klaus W.; Hall, Donald B.; Aoki, Wako; Usuda, Tomonori; Nishiyama, Shogo; Nakajima, Tadashi; Ikeda, Yuji; Yamamuro, Tomoyasu; Morino, Jun-Ichi; Baba, Haruka; Hosokawa, Ko; Ishikawa, Hiroyuki Tako; Narita, Norio; Kokubo, Eiichiro; Hayano, Yutaka; Izumiura, Hideyuki; Kambe, Eiji; Kusakabe, Nobuhiko; Kwon, Jungmi; Ikoma, Masahiro; Hori, Yasunori; Genda, Hidenori; Fukui, Akihiko; Fujii, Yuka; Kawahara, Hajime; Guyon, Olivier; Jovanovi, Nemanja; Harakawa, Hiroki; Hayashi, Masahiko; Hidai, Masahide; Machida, Masahiro; Matsuo, Taro; Nagata, Tetsuya; Ogihara, Masahiro; Takami, Hideki; Takato, Naruhisa; Terada, Hiroshi; Oh, Daehyeon		IRD Team	The infrared Doppler (IRD) instrument for the Subaru telescope: instrument description and commissioning results	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope				The Infrared Doppler (IRD) instrument is a fiber-fed high-resolution NIR spectrometer for the Subaru telescope covering the Y,J,H-bands simultaneously with a maximum spectral resolution of 70,000. The main purpose of IRD is a search for Earth-mass planets around nearby M-dwarfs by precise radial velocity measurements, as well as a spectroscopic characterization of exoplanet atmospheres. We report the current status of the instrument, which is undergoing commissioning at the Subaru Telescope, and the first light observation successfully done in August 2017. The general description of the instrument will be given including spectrometer optics, fiber injection system, cryogenic system, scrambler, and laser frequency comb. A large strategic survey mainly focused on late-type M-dwarfs is planned to start from 2019.	[Kotani, Takayuki; Tamura, Motohide; Nishikawa, Jun; Kuzuhara, Masayuki; Omiya, Masashi; Hashimoto, Jun; Suto, Hiroshi; Kurokawa, Takashi; Konishi, Mihoko; Nakajima, Tadashi; Kusakabe, Nobuhiko; Hori, Yasunori; Harakawa, Hiroki] Astrobiol Ctr, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Kotani, Takayuki; Tamura, Motohide; Nishikawa, Jun; Ueda, Akitoshi; Kuzuhara, Masayuki; Omiya, Masashi; Hashimoto, Jun; Suto, Hiroshi; Konishi, Mihoko; Aoki, Wako; Usuda, Tomonori; Nakajima, Tadashi; Morino, Jun-Ichi; Kokubo, Eiichiro; Hayano, Yutaka; Kusakabe, Nobuhiko; Hori, Yasunori; Harakawa, Hiroki; Hayashi, Masahiko; Ogihara, Masahiro; Takami, Hideki] Natl Astron Observ Japan, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Kotani, Takayuki; Nishikawa, Jun; Hashimoto, Jun; Aoki, Wako; Usuda, Tomonori; Baba, Haruka; Hosokawa, Ko; Ishikawa, Hiroyuki Tako] GUAS, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Tamura, Motohide; Ishizuka, Masato; Narita, Norio; Ikoma, Masahiro; Kawahara, Hajime] Univ Tokyo, Tokyo 1130033, Japan; [Hirano, Teruyuki; Sato, Bun'ei; Genda, Hidenori; Fujii, Yuka] Tokyo Inst technol, Meguro Ku, Tokyo 1528550, Japan; [Kurokawa, Takashi; Kokubo, Tsukasa; Mori, Takahiro; Tanaka, Yosuke] Tokyo Univ Agr & Technol, Koganei, Tokyo 1848588, Japan; [Kashiwagi, Ken] Natl Inst Adv Ind Sci & Technol, 1-1-1 Umezono, Tsukuba, Ibaraki 3058560, Japan; [Kudo, Tomoyuki; Kambe, Eiji; Guyon, Olivier; Takato, Naruhisa; Terada, Hiroshi] Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Jacobson, Shane; Hodapp, Klaus W.; Hall, Donald B.] Univ Hawaii, Inst Astron, 640 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Nishiyama, Shogo] Miyagi Univ Educ, Aoba Ku, 149 Aramaki Aza Aoba, Sendai, Miyagi 9800845, Japan; [Ikeda, Yuji] Photocoding, Sakyo Ku, 460-102 Iwakura Nakamachi, Kyoto 460102, Japan; [Yamamuro, Tomoyasu] Opt Craft, 101,3-16-8 Higashi Hashimoto, Sagamiha 2520144, Japan; [Kwon, Jungmi] JAXA, ISAS, 3-1-1 Yoshino Dai, Sagamihara, Kanagawa 2525210, Japan; [Izumiura, Hideyuki; Fukui, Akihiko] Natl Astron Observ, OAO, Kamogatacho, Okayama 7190232, Japan; CALTECH, 1200 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Hidai, Masahide] Tokai Univ, 4-1-1 Kitakaname, Hiratsuka, Kanagawa 2591292, Japan; [Jovanovi, Nemanja; Machida, Masahiro] Kyushu Univ, Fukuoka, Fukuoka 8128581, Japan; [Matsuo, Taro] Osaka Univ, 1-1 Yamadaoka, Suita, Osaka 5650871, Japan; [Nagata, Tetsuya] Kyoto Univ, Kyoto 6068502, Japan; [Oh, Daehyeon] NMSC Korea, 64-18 Guam Gil, Jincheon Gun 27803, Chungcheongbuk, South Korea	Kotani, T (corresponding author), Astrobiol Ctr, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan.; Kotani, T (corresponding author), Natl Astron Observ Japan, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan.; Kotani, T (corresponding author), GUAS, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan.		Genda, Hidenori/A-7858-2014; Ikoma, Masahiro/B-9915-2012; Ogihara, Masahiro/AAB-7401-2020; Tanaka, Yosuke/C-8806-2013	Ikoma, Masahiro/0000-0002-5658-5971; Ogihara, Masahiro/0000-0002-8300-7990; Nishiyama, S./0000-0002-9440-7172				5	3	3	1	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 1070211	10.1117/12.2311836			11	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300022		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Kuhn, J; Daemgen, S; Wang, J; Morales, F; Bottom, M; Serabyn, E; Shelton, JC; Delorme, JR; Tinyanont, S		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Kuehn, Jonas; Daemgen, Sebastian; Wang, Ji; Morales, Farisa; Bottom, Michael; Serabyn, Eugene; Shelton, Jean C.; Delorme, Jacques-Robert; Tinyanont, Samaporn			High-contrast imaging of tight resolved binaries with two vector vortex coronagraphs in cascade with the Palomar SDC instrument	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Direct imaging; high-contrast; coronagraphy; binary stars; multiple stars systems; stellar multiplicity; vector vortex coronagraph		More than half of the stars in the solar neighborhood reside in binary/multiple stellar systems, and recent studies suggest that gas giant planets may be more abundant around binaries than single stars. Yet, these multiple systems are usually overlooked or discarded in most direct imaging surveys, as they prove difficult to image at high-contrast using coronographs. This is particularly the case for compact binaries (less than 1 '' angular separation) with similar stellar magnitudes, where no existing coronagraph can provide high-contrast regime. Here we present preliminary results of an on-going Palomar pilot survey searching for low-mass companions around similar to 15 young "challenging" binary systems, with angular separation as close as 0 '' 3 and near-equal K-band magnitudes. We use the Stellar Double Coronagraph (SDC) instrument on the 200-inch Telescope in a modified optical configuration, making it possible to align any targeted binary system behind two vector vortex coronagraphs in cascade. This approach is uniquely possible at Palomar, thanks to the absence of sky rotation combined with the availability of an extreme AO system, and the number of intermediate focal-planes provided by the SDC instrument. Finally, we expose our current data reduction strategy, and we attempt to quantify the exact contrast gain parameter space of our approach, based on our latest observing runs.	[Kuehn, Jonas; Daemgen, Sebastian] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Inst Particle Phys & Astrophys, Wolfgang Pauli Str 27, CH-8093 Zurich, Switzerland; [Wang, Ji; Delorme, Jacques-Robert; Tinyanont, Samaporn] CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Morales, Farisa; Bottom, Michael; Serabyn, Eugene; Shelton, Jean C.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Kuhn, J (corresponding author), Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Inst Particle Phys & Astrophys, Wolfgang Pauli Str 27, CH-8093 Zurich, Switzerland.	jonas.kuehn@phys.ethz.ch	Kuhn, Jonas G/H-2338-2011	Kuhn, Jonas G/0000-0002-6344-4835	Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF)Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF) [PZ00P2_154800]; National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The authors would like to thank the Palomar Observatory day-and night-time staff for the tremendous support, particularly Rick Buruss for the initial proof-of-feasibility AO tests. JK is being funded by the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF) through Ambizione grant #PZ00P2_154800, and also acknowledge the Institute of Particle Physics and Astrophysics of ETH Zurich and Prof. H. M. Schmid for the observing travel support. Part of this work was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). The data presented in this paper are based on observations obtained at the Hale Telescope, Palomar Observatory, as part of a continuing collaboration between Caltech, NASA/JPL, and Cornell University.		35	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 1070242	10.1117/12.2313448			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300098		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Logsdon, SE; McElwain, MW; Gong, Q; Liang, M; Santoro, F; Schwab, C; Bender, C; Blake, C; Halverson, S; Hearty, F; Hunting, E; Jaehnig, KP; Mahadevan, S; Monson, AJ; Percival, JW; Rajagopal, J; Ramsey, L; Roy, A; Smith, MP; Terrien, RC; Timmerman, E; Willems, P; Wolf, MJ; Wright, J		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Logsdon, Sarah E.; McElwain, Michael W.; Gong, Qian; Liang, Ming; Santoro, Fernando; Schwab, Christian; Bender, Chad; Blake, Cullen; Halverson, Samuel; Hearty, Fred; Hunting, Emily; Jaehnig, Kurt P.; Mahadevan, Suvrath; Monson, Andrew J.; Percival, Jeffrey W.; Rajagopal, Jayadev; Ramsey, Lawrence; Roy, Arpita; Smith, Michael P.; Terrien, Ryan C.; Timmerman, Erik; Willems, Phil; Wolf, Marsha J.; Wright, Jason			The NEID precision radial velocity spectrometer: port adapter overview, requirements, and test plan	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		radial velocity instrumentation; exoplanets; systems engineering		The NEID spectrometer is an optical (380-930 nm), fiber-fed, precision Doppler spectrometer currently in development for the WIYN 3.5 m telescope at Kitt Peak National Observatory as part of the NN-EXPLORE partnership. Designed to achieve a radial velocity precision of < 30 cm/s, NEID will be sensitive enough to detect terrestrial-mass exoplanets around low-mass stars. Light from the target stars is focused by the telescope to a bent Cassegrain port at the edge of the primary mirror mechanical support. The specialized NEID "Port Adapter" system is mounted at this bent Cassegrain port and is responsible for delivering the incident light from the telescope to the NEID fibers. In order to provide stable, high-quality images to the science instrument, the Port Adapter houses several sub-components designed to acquire the target stars, correct for atmospheric dispersion, stabilize the light onto the science fibers, and calibrate the spectrometer by injecting known wavelength sources such as a laser frequency comb. Here we provide an overview of the overall opto-mechanical design and system requirements of the Port Adapter. We also describe the development of system error budgets and test plans to meet those requirements.	[Logsdon, Sarah E.; McElwain, Michael W.; Gong, Qian] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, 8800 Greenbelt Rd, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Liang, Ming; Hunting, Emily; Rajagopal, Jayadev; Timmerman, Erik] Natl Opt Astron Observ, 950 Cherry Ave, Tucson, AZ 85719 USA; [Santoro, Fernando] ASTRO LLC, POB 623, Los Lunas, NM 87031 USA; [Schwab, Christian] Macquarie Univ, Ctr Astron Astrophys & Astrophoton, N Ryde, NSW, Australia; [Schwab, Christian] Australian Astron Observ, POB 915, Coonabarabran, NSW, Australia; [Bender, Chad] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Blake, Cullen] Univ Penn, Dept Phys & Astron, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Halverson, Samuel] MIT, Kavli Inst Astrophys & Space Res, 77 Massachusetts Ave 37-241, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Hearty, Fred; Mahadevan, Suvrath; Monson, Andrew J.; Ramsey, Lawrence; Wright, Jason] Penn State Univ, Dept Astron & Astrophys, 525 Davey Lab, University Pk, PA 16802 USA; [Hearty, Fred; Mahadevan, Suvrath; Monson, Andrew J.; Ramsey, Lawrence; Wright, Jason] Penn State Univ, Ctr Exoplanets & Habitable Worlds, 525 Davey Lab, University Pk, PA 16802 USA; [Jaehnig, Kurt P.; Percival, Jeffrey W.; Smith, Michael P.; Wolf, Marsha J.] Univ Wisconsin, Washburn Astron Labs, 475 Charter St, Madison, WI 53706 USA; [Roy, Arpita] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Terrien, Ryan C.] Carleton Coll, Northfield, MN 55057 USA; [Willems, Phil] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Logsdon, SE (corresponding author), NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, 8800 Greenbelt Rd, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA.	sarah.e.logsdon@nasa.gov		Schwab, Christian/0000-0002-4046-987X	NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) - NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program; ARC DECRA fellowshipAustralian Research Council; Pennsylvania State University; Eberly College of Science; Pennsylvania Space Grant Consortium	Sarah Logsdon is supported by an appointment to the NASA Postdoctoral Program at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, administered by USRA through a contract with NASA. This work was performed, in part, by Samuel Halverson and Christian Schwab under contract with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) funded by NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program executed by the NASA Exoplanet Science Institute. Christian Schwab also acknowledges the support of an ARC DECRA fellowship. The Center for Exoplanets and Habitable Worlds is supported by the Pennsylvania State University, the Eberly College of Science, and the Pennsylvania Space Grant Consortium.		13	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 1070267	10.1117/12.2312209			10	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300151		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Maire, J; Wright, SA; Cosens, M; Antonio, FP; Aronson, ML; Chaim-Weismann, SA; Drake, FD; Horowitz, P; Howard, AW; Marcy, GW; Raffanti, R; Siemion, APV; Stone, RPS; Treffers, RR; Utttamchandani, A; Werthimer, D		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Maire, Jerome; Wright, Shelley A.; Cosens, Maren; Antonio, Franklin P.; Aronson, Michael L.; Chaim-Weismann, Samuel A.; Drake, Frank D.; Horowitz, Paul; Howard, Andrew W.; Marcy, Geoffery W.; Raffanti, Rick; Siemion, Andrew P. V.; Stone, Remington P. S.; Treffers, Richard R.; Utttamchandani, Avinash; Werthimer, Dan			Panoramic optical and near-infrared SETI instrument: optical and structural design concepts	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Technosignatures; Search for ExtraTerrestrial Intelligence; All-sky; Geodesic dome; Fresnel lenses	EYE CAMERA SYSTEM; TELESCOPE; SEARCH; RADIO; ARRAY; PULSES	We propose a novel instrument design to greatly expand the current optical and near-infrared SETI search parameter space by monitoring the entire observable sky during all observable time. This instrument is aimed to search for technosignatures by means of detecting nano- to micro-second light pulses that could have been emitted, for instance, for the purpose of interstellar communications or energy transfer. We present an instrument conceptual design based upon an assembly of 198 refracting 0.5-m telescopes tessellating two geodesic domes. This design produces a regular layout of hexagonal collecting apertures that optimizes the instrument footprint, aperture diameter, instrument sensitivity and total field-of-view coverage. We also present the optical performance of some Fresnel lenses envisaged to develop a dedicated panoramic SETI (PANOSETI) observatory that will dramatically increase sky-area searched (pi steradians per dome), wavelength range covered, number of stellar systems observed, interstellar space examined and duration of time monitored with respect to previous optical and near-infrared technosignature finders.	[Maire, Jerome; Wright, Shelley A.; Cosens, Maren] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Wright, Shelley A.; Cosens, Maren] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Antonio, Franklin P.] Qualcomm, San Diego, CA USA; [Aronson, Michael L.] Elect Packaging Man, San Diego, CA USA; [Chaim-Weismann, Samuel A.; Marcy, Geoffery W.; Siemion, Andrew P. V.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Drake, Frank D.; Howard, Andrew W.] SETI Inst, Mountain View, CA USA; [Horowitz, Paul] Harvard Univ, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Howard, Andrew W.] CALTECH, Astron Dept, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Raffanti, Rick] Techne Instruments, Oakland, CA USA; [Howard, Andrew W.] Radboud Univ Nijmegen, Nijmegen, Netherlands; [Howard, Andrew W.] Univ Malta, Inst Space Sci & Astron, Msida, Malta; [Stone, Remington P. S.] Univ Calif Observ, Lick Observ, Mt Hamilton, CA USA; [Treffers, Richard R.] Starman Syst, Alamo, CA USA; [Utttamchandani, Avinash] Nonholonomy LLC, Cambridge, MA USA; [Werthimer, Dan] Univ Calif Berkeley, Space Sci Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA	Maire, J (corresponding author), Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA.	jmaire@ucsd.edu	Marcy, Geoff/AAC-6050-2019	Cosens, Maren/0000-0002-2248-6107	Bloom field Family Foundation; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1407804]; Breakthrough Prize Foundation; Marilyn and Watson Alberts SETI Chair fund; Planetary Society	The PANOSETI research and instrumentation program is made possible by the enthusiastic support and interest by Franklin Antonio. We thank the Bloom field Family Foundation for supporting SETI research at UC San Diego in the CASS Optical and Infrared Laboratory. Harvard SETI is supported by The Planetary Society. UC Berkeley's SETI efforts involved with PANOSETI are supported by NSF grant 1407804, the Breakthrough Prize Foundation, and the Marilyn and Watson Alberts SETI Chair fund. Lastly, we would like to thank the staff at Mt. Laguna and Lick Observatories for their help with equipment testing.		42	1	1	1	5	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107025L	10.1117/12.2314444			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300135		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Mazin, BA; Becker, GD; Cancelo, G; France, K; Fraser, WC; Jones, T; Meeker, SR; O'Brien, K; Prochaska, JX; Tendulkar, S; Vasisht, G		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Mazin, Benjamin A.; Becker, George D.; Cancelo, Gustavo; France, Kevin; Fraser, Wesley C.; Jones, Tucker; Meeker, Seth R.; O'Brien, Kieran; Prochaska, J. Xavier; Tendulkar, Shriharsh; Vasisht, Gautam			KRAKENS: A Superconducting MKID Integral Field Spectrograph Concept for the Keck I Telescope	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		MKIDs; kinetic inductance; detectors; integral field spectroscopy; W.M Keck Observatory	SUBARU OPTICAL OBSERVATIONS; PULSAR; SUPERNOVAE; COUNTERPART; PULSATIONS; EMISSION; SPECTRUM; SEARCH	Microwave Kinetic Inductance Detectors, or MKIDS, have the ability to simultaneous resolve the wavelength of individual photons and time tag photons with microsecond precision. This opens up a number of exciting new possibilities and efficiency gains for optical/IR astronomy. In this paper we describe a plan to take the MKID technology, which we have demonstrated on the Palomar, Lick, and Subaru Telescopes, out of the realm of private instruments usable only by experts. Our goal is to incorporate MKIDs into a facility-class instrument at the Keck 1 Telescope that can be used by a large part of the astronomical community. This new instrument, the Keck Radiometer Array using KID ENergy Sensors (KRAKENS), will be a 30 kpix integral field spectrograph (IFS) with a 42.5 '' x45 '' field of view, extraordinarily wide wavelength coverage from 380-1350 nm, and a spectral resolution R=lambda/Delta lambda > 20 at 400 nm. Future add on modules could enable polarimetry and higher spectral resolution. KRAKENS will be built using the same style MKID arrays, cryostat, and similar readout electronics to those used in the successful 10 kpix DARKNESS instrument at Palomar and 20 kpix MEC instrument at Subaru, significantly reducing the technical risk.	[Mazin, Benjamin A.] Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Dept Phys, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA; [Becker, George D.] Univ Calif Riverside, Dept Phys & Astron, Riverside, CA 92521 USA; [Cancelo, Gustavo] Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, Batavia, IL USA; [France, Kevin] Univ Colorado, Atmospher & Space Phys Lab, Campus Box 392, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Fraser, Wesley C.] Queens Univ Belfast, Sch Math & Phys, Astroph Res Ctr, Belfast, Antrim, North Ireland; [Jones, Tucker] Univ Calif Davis, Dept Phys, Davis, CA 95616 USA; [Meeker, Seth R.; Vasisht, Gautam] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [O'Brien, Kieran; Tendulkar, Shriharsh] Univ Durham, Ctr Adv Instrumentat, Durham, England; [Prochaska, J. Xavier] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Dept Astron & Astrophys, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Tendulkar, Shriharsh] McGill Univ, Dept Phys, 3600 Rue Univ, Montreal, PQ, Canada; [O'Brien, Kieran; Tendulkar, Shriharsh] McGill Univ, McGill Space Inst, 3550 Rue Univ, Montreal, PQ, Canada	Mazin, BA (corresponding author), Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Dept Phys, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA.	bmazin@ucsb.edu	Vasisht, Gautam/AAP-3022-2020	Vasisht, Gautam/0000-0002-1871-6264	University fo California Observatory (UCO); NASA ROSES program; NSF ATINational Science Foundation (NSF)NSF - Directorate for Mathematical & Physical Sciences (MPS) [AST-1308556]	The authors would like to thank the W.M. Keck Observatory for support in developing the KRAKENS Science Case. The University fo California Observatory (UCO) has contributed funding to develop the conceptual design. MKID development has been funded primarily by various grants from the NASA ROSES program. Much of the design is based of the DARKNESS instrument, NSF ATI grant AST-1308556.		59	0	0	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107020H	10.1117/12.2312221			20	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300009					2020-09-09	
S	Ozaki, S; Miyazaki, S; Tsuzuki, T; Fucik, JR		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Ozaki, Shinobu; Miyazaki, Satoshi; Tsuzuki, Toshihiro; Fucik, Jason R.			Image slicer module for Wide Field Optical Spectrograph (WFOS)	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Image slicer; Wide Field Optical Spectrograph (WFOS); Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT)		Wide-Field Optical Spectrograph (WFOS) is an optical multi-object spectrograph and one of the first-light instruments of Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT). The WFOS development team has studied three new instrument concepts. One is a fiber-based spectrograph, and other one is a spectrograph using image slicers (Slicer-WFOS). The last one is the simple multi-slit spectrograph. Japanese WFOS team has conducted conceptual studies on Slicer-WFOS in collaboration with California Institute of Technology. Slicer-WFOS has only one VPH grating for each red and blue arm. The gratings offer R similar to 1,500 for a simple 0.'' 75-width slit. The image slicer divides an object image into three slices and the higher spectral resolution of R similar to 4,500 can be achieved using the same grating. In this proceeding paper, we report our design studies on the slicer module.	[Ozaki, Shinobu; Miyazaki, Satoshi; Tsuzuki, Toshihiro] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Fucik, Jason R.] CALTECH, Caltech Opt Observ, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Ozaki, S (corresponding author), Natl Astron Observ Japan, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan.		Tsuzuki, Toshihiro/Q-5761-2019	Tsuzuki, Toshihiro/0000-0002-8342-8314; Ozaki, Shinobu/0000-0002-5443-0300	California Institute of Technology; University of CaliforniaUniversity of California System; National Astronomical Observatory of JapanNational Institutes of Natural Sciences (NINS) - Japan; National Astronomical Observatories of China; Department of Science and Technology of IndiaDepartment of Science & Technology (India); National Research Council of Canada; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Canada Foundation for InnovationCanada Foundation for Innovation; Ontario Ministry of Research and InnovationMinistry of Research and Innovation, Ontario; Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of CanadaNatural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada; British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund; Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA); Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA); U.S. National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); National Institutes of Natural Sciences of Japan; Department of Atomic Energy of India	The Authors would like to thank Bernard Delabre for providing the original idea of Flat-mirror design. The TMT Project gratefully acknowledges the support of the TMT collaborating institutions. They are the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan, the National Astronomical Observatories of China and their consortium partners, the Department of Science and Technology of India and their supported institutes, and the National Research Council of Canada. This work was supported as well by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, the Canada Foundation for Innovation, the Ontario Ministry of Research and Innovation, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund, the Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA), the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA), the U.S. National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Natural Sciences of Japan, and the Department of Atomic Energy of India.		4	0	0	1	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107028M	10.1117/12.2309324			7	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300218		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Rains, AD; Ireland, MJ; Jovanovic, N; Bento, J; Feger, T; Lozi, J; Schwab, C; Coutts, DW; Guyon, O; Arriola, A; Gross, S; Harris, JE		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Rains, Adam D.; Ireland, Michael J.; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Bento, Joao; Feger, Tobias; Lozi, Julien; Schwab, Christian; Coutts, David W.; Guyon, Olivier; Arriola, Alexander; Gross, Simon; Harris, Jonathan E.			Development of the single-mode fiber integral field unit for the RHEA Spectrograph	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		spectrograph; radial velocity; optical fibers; fiber injection; diffraction-limited spectrograph; high resolution; integral field unit		RHEA is a single-mode echelle spectrograph designed to be a replicable and cost effective method of undertaking precision radial velocity measurements. The instrument has a novel fiber feed with an integral field unit injecting into a grid of single-mode fibers reformatted to form a pseudo-slit, increasing throughput and enabling high spatial resolution observations when operating behind Subaru and the SCExAO adaptive optics system. The past 18 months have seen a replacement cable constructed for the instrument to address modal noise caused by closely packed fibers with similar path lengths. Here we detail the cable fabrication procedure, design improvements, increased precision in meeting the required sub-micron optical tolerances, throughput gains, and known remaining issues.	[Rains, Adam D.; Ireland, Michael J.; Bento, Joao] Australian Natl Univ, Res Sch Astron & Astrophys, Canberra, ACT 2611, Australia; [Jovanovic, Nemanja] CALTECH, Opt Observ, Dept Astron, 1200E Calf Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Lozi, Julien; Guyon, Olivier] NINS, Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North AOhoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Feger, Tobias; Schwab, Christian; Coutts, David W.; Arriola, Alexander; Gross, Simon] Macquarie Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, N Ryde, NSW 2109, Australia; [Schwab, Christian] Australia Astron Observ, 105 Delhi Rd, N Ryde, NSW 2113, Australia; [Guyon, Olivier] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Tucson, AZ 85712 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Univ Arizona, Coll Opt Sci, Tucson, AZ 85712 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] NINS, Astrobiol Ctr, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Arriola, Alexander; Gross, Simon] Ctr Ultrahigh Bandwidth Devices Opt Syst CUDOS, Sydney, NSW, Australia; [Harris, Jonathan E.] Univ Bath, Dept Phys, Bath BA2 7AY, Avon, England	Rains, AD (corresponding author), Australian Natl Univ, Res Sch Astron & Astrophys, Canberra, ACT 2611, Australia.	m.rains@anu.edu.au	Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019; Coutts, David/A-3319-2013	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Gross, Simon/0000-0001-5130-183X; Schwab, Christian/0000-0002-4046-987X; Feger, Tobias/0000-0002-6561-1764; Coutts, David/0000-0002-8857-9832	Australian Research CouncilAustralian Research Council [DP120103751]; Australian Government Research Training ProgramAustralian Government; RSAA top up scholarship	This work was partially funded by the Australian Research Council Discovery Project DP120103751. We would like to thank Macquarie Engineering and Technical Services (METS) and the RSAA Manufacturing Workshop for their work in machining parts to complete the spectrograph assembly. Furthermore we thank Dr Benjamin Johnston, Dr Martin Ams and Alex Stokes from OptoFab for their assistance in constructing the fiber cable used for RHEA Subaru, as well as OptoFab for use of the Nanosecond Laser Micro-Fabrication Facility, and Optical Device Characterisation Suite. ADR acknowledges support from the Australian Government Research Training Program, and the RSAA top up scholarship. We would like to thank the Subaru Telescope and the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan for granting us the opportunity to undertake this project and for their continued assistance throughout. The authors wish to recognize and acknowledge the very significant cultural role and reverence that the summit of Maunakea has always had within the indigenous Hawaiian community. We are most fortunate to have the opportunity to conduct observations from this mountain.		5	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107025J	10.1117/12.2314336			11	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300133		Green Published, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Rantakyro, FT; Bailey, VP; Quiroz, C; Chinn, B; Macintosh, BA; Tallis, M; Miller, BW; Hayward, T; Poyneer, L; Chilcote, J; Norton, A; Morrison, C		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Rantakyro, Fredrik T.; Bailey, Vanessa P.; Quiroz, Carlos; Chinn, Brian; Macintosh, Bruce A.; Tallis, Melisa; Miller, Bryan W.; Hayward, Thomas; Poyneer, Lisa; Chilcote, Jeffrey; Norton, Andrew; Morrison, Chris			Moving the Gemini planet imager to Gemini North: expectations and challenges	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		instrumentation; telescope; control software; computer hardware; observation preparations; proposal management; instrument performance	PERFORMANCE	After more than 4 years of operation it's expected that the Gemini Planet Imager (GPI) will move from Gemini South (GS) to the Gemini North (GN) telescope sometime in 2019. Though both telescopes are almost identical at a hardware and software level there are subtle differences. With the accrued knowledge from operations from both a software and hardware point of view we will be addressing the following subjects: Changes in software on the telescope control level to interface with the similar system at GN, changes in the user interface for both instrument operation, proposal management, and observation preparations by a PI. Adjustments and requirements to interface at a hardware level with cooling and power requirements, and changes in the hardware configuration of network interfaces. We also show the results from vibration measurements at both telescopes and these measurements indicate that the vibrations will not be an issues when moving from GS to GN. Using more than 600h of observations and performance measurements and weather conditions at GS, and correlating with several years of weather monitoring at Mauna Kea we show what improvements in performance we can expect. We expect a significant improvement in performance due to the less turbulent atmosphere at GN, with post-processed contrast improving by a factor of 1.3-2.6.	[Rantakyro, Fredrik T.; Quiroz, Carlos; Chinn, Brian; Miller, Bryan W.; Hayward, Thomas; Morrison, Chris] Gemini Observ, Casilla 603, La Serena, Chile; [Bailey, Vanessa P.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Macintosh, Bruce A.; Tallis, Melisa; Chilcote, Jeffrey; Norton, Andrew] Stanford Univ, Dept Phys, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Poyneer, Lisa] Lawrence Livermore Natl Lab, 7000 East Ave, Livermore, CA 94550 USA	Rantakyro, FT (corresponding author), Gemini Observ, Casilla 603, La Serena, Chile.	frantaky@gemini.edu	Bailey, Vanessa P/H-2247-2018	Bailey, Vanessa P/0000-0002-5407-2806				17	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 1070240	10.1117/12.2312778			22	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300097					2020-09-09	
S	Romualdez, LJ; Benton, SJ; Brown, AM; Clark, P; Damaren, CJ; Eifler, T; Fraisse, AA; Galloway, MN; Hartley, JW; Jauzac, M; Jones, WC; Li, L; Luu, TVT; Massey, RJ; Mccleary, J; Netterfield, CB; Redmond, S; Rhodes, JD; Schmolld, J; Tam, SI		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Romualdez, L. Javier; Benton, Steven J.; Brown, Anthony M.; Clark, Paul; Damaren, Christopher J.; Eifler, Tim; Fraisse, Aurelien A.; Galloway, Mathew N.; Hartley, John W.; Jauzac, Mathilde; Jones, William C.; Li, Lun; Luu, Thuy Vy T.; Massey, Richard J.; Mccleary, Jacqueline; Netterfield, C. Barth; Redmond, Susan; Rhodes, Jason D.; Schmolld, Jurgen; Tam, Sut-Ieng			Overview, design, and flight results from SuperBIT: a high-resolution, wide-field, visible-to-near-UV balloon-borne astronomical telescope	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		weak lensing; strong lensing; UV photometry; exoplanet spectroscopy; scientific ballooning; diffraction limited; wide-field; high-resolution; visible-to-near-UV; three-axis stabilization; sub-arcsecond stability; super-pressure balloon platform		Balloon-borne astronomy is a unique tool that allows for a level of image stability and significantly reduced atmospheric interference without the often prohibitive cost and long development time-scale that are characteristic of space-borne facility-class instruments. The Super-pressure Balloon-borne Imaging Telescope (SuperBIT) is a wide-field imager designed to provide 0.02 '' image stability over a 0.5 degree field-of-view for deep exposures within the visible-to-near-UV (300-900 um). As such, SuperBIT is a suitable platform for a wide range of balloon-borne observations, including solar and extrasolar planetary spectroscopy as well as resolved stellar populations and distant galaxies. We report on the overall payload design and instrumentation methodologies for SuperBIT as well as telescope and image stability results from two test flights. Prospects for the SuperBIT project are outlined with an emphasis on the development of a fully operational, three-month science flight from New Zealand in 2020.	[Romualdez, L. Javier; Damaren, Christopher J.; Redmond, Susan] UTIAS, 4925 Dufferin St, Toronto, ON, Canada; [Romualdez, L. Javier; Galloway, Mathew N.; Hartley, John W.; Netterfield, C. Barth] Univ Toronto, Dept Phys, 60 St George St, Toronto, ON, Canada; [Romualdez, L. Javier; Galloway, Mathew N.; Hartley, John W.; Netterfield, C. Barth; Redmond, Susan] Univ Toronto, Dunlap Inst, 50 St George St, Toronto, ON, Canada; [Romualdez, L. Javier; Brown, Anthony M.; Clark, Paul; Massey, Richard J.; Schmolld, Jurgen] Univ Durham, Sci Labs, Ctr Adv Instrumentat CfAI, South Rd, Durham, England; [Benton, Steven J.; Fraisse, Aurelien A.; Jones, William C.; Li, Lun; Luu, Thuy Vy T.] Princeton Univ, Dept Phys, Washington Rd, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Eifler, Tim; Mccleary, Jacqueline; Rhodes, Jason D.] CALTECH, JPL, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA USA; [Eifler, Tim] Steward Observ, Dept Astron, 933 North Cherry Ave, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Jauzac, Mathilde; Tam, Sut-Ieng] Univ Durham, Ctr Extragalact Astrophys, South Rd, Durham, England; [Netterfield, C. Barth] Univ Toronto, Dept Astron, 50 St George St, Toronto, ON, Canada; [Netterfield, C. Barth] Canadian Inst Adv Res, 661 Univ Ave,Suite 505, Toronto, ON, Canada; [Rhodes, Jason D.] CALTECH, 1201 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA USA	Romualdez, LJ (corresponding author), UTIAS, 4925 Dufferin St, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Romualdez, LJ (corresponding author), Univ Toronto, Dept Phys, 60 St George St, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Romualdez, LJ (corresponding author), Univ Toronto, Dunlap Inst, 50 St George St, Toronto, ON, Canada.; Romualdez, LJ (corresponding author), Univ Durham, Sci Labs, Ctr Adv Instrumentat CfAI, South Rd, Durham, England.	javier.romualdez@mail.utoronto.ca	; Massey, Richard/D-1300-2016	Brown, Anthony/0000-0003-0259-3148; Jauzac, Mathilde/0000-0003-1974-8732; Clark, Paul/0000-0003-0438-2133; Schmoll, Jurgen/0000-0001-5612-7535; McCleary, Jacqueline/0000-0002-9883-7460; Massey, Richard/0000-0002-6085-3780	Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC)Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada; NASA award [NNX16AF65G]; Royal SocietyRoyal Society of London; Durham University	SuperBIT is supported in Canada, via the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC), in the USA via NASA award NNX16AF65G, and in the UK via the Royal Society and Durham University. Part of the research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), California Institute of Technology (Caltech), under contract with NASA.		13	2	2	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107020R	10.1117/12.2307754			15	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300017		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Rundquist, N; Walth, G; Wright, SA; Ryuj, ISUZUKI; Do, T; Chapin, EL; Chisholm, E; Dunn, J; Hayano, Y; Johnson, C; Larkin, JE; Riddle, RL; Schoeck, M; Sohn, JM		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Rundquist, Nils; Walth, Gregory; Wright, Shelley A.; Suzuki, Ryuji; Tuan Do; Chapin, Edward L.; Chisholm, Eric; Dunn, Jennifer; Hayano, Yutaka; Johnson, Chris; Larkin, James E.; Riddle, Reed L.; Schoeck, Matthias; Sohn, Ji Man			The InfraRed Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) for TMT: photometric precision and ghost analysis	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		infrared:imaging; data:simulator; instrumentation: near-infrared; imaging:photometric; giant segmented mirror telescopes: Thirty Meter Telescope		The InfraRed Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) is a first-light instrument for the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) that will be used to sample the corrected adaptive optics field by NFIRAOS with a near-infrared (0.8 - 2.4 mu m) imaging camera and Integral Field Spectrograph (IFS). In order to understand the science case specifications of the IRIS instrument, we use the IRIS data simulator to characterize photometric precision and accuracy of the IRIS imager. We present the results of investigation into the effects of potential ghosting in the IRIS optical design. Each source in the IRIS imager field of view results in ghost images on the detector from IRIS's wedge filters, entrance window, and Atmospheric Dispersion Corrector (ADC) prism. We incorporated each of these ghosts into the IRIS simulator by simulating an appropriate magnitude point source at a specified pixel distance, and for the case of the extended ghosts redistributing flux evenly over the area specified by IRIS's optical design. We simulate the ghosting impact on the photometric capabilities, and found that ghosts generally contribute negligible effects on the flux counts for point sources except for extreme cases where ghosts coalign with a star of Delta m>2 fainter than the ghost source. Lastly, we explore the photometric precision and accuracy for single sources and crowded field photometry on the IRIS imager.	[Rundquist, Nils; Walth, Gregory; Wright, Shelley A.] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Rundquist, Nils; Wright, Shelley A.] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Tuan Do; Johnson, Chris; Larkin, James E.; Sohn, Ji Man] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Phys & Astron Dept, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Riddle, Reed L.] CALTECH, Opt Observ, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Chapin, Edward L.; Dunn, Jennifer; Schoeck, Matthias] Natl Res Council Canada Herzberg, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada; [Chisholm, Eric; Schoeck, Matthias] Thirty Meter Telescope Observ Corp, Pasadena, CA 91105 USA; [Suzuki, Ryuji; Hayano, Yutaka] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan	Rundquist, N (corresponding author), Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA.	nrundqui@ucsd.edu		Walth, Gregory/0000-0002-6313-6808	California Institute of Technology; University of CaliforniaUniversity of California System; National Astronomical Observatory of JapanNational Institutes of Natural Sciences (NINS) - Japan; National Astronomical Observatories of China; Department of Science and Technology of IndiaDepartment of Science & Technology (India); National Research Council of Canada; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Canada Foundation for InnovationCanada Foundation for Innovation; Ontario Ministry of Research and InnovationMinistry of Research and Innovation, Ontario; Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of CanadaNatural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada; British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund; Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA); Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA); U.S. National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); National Institutes of Natural Sciences of Japan; Department of Atomic Energy of India	The TMT Project gratefully acknowledges the support of the TMT collaborating institutions. They are the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan, the National Astronomical Observatories of China and their consortium partners, the Department of Science and Technology of India and their supported institutes, and the National Research Council of Canada. This work was supported as well by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, the Canada Foundation for Innovation, the Ontario Ministry of Research and Innovation, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund, the Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA), the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA), the U.S. National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Natural Sciences of Japan, and the Department of Atomic Energy of India.		15	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 10702A7	10.1117/12.2314258			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300263		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Schwab, C; Liang, M; Gong, Q; Bender, C; Blake, C; Halverson, S; Harbeck, D; Hearty, F; Hunting, E; Jaehnig, KP; Logsdon, SE; Mahadevan, S; McElwain, MW; Monson, AJ; Percival, JW; Rajagopal, J; Ramsey, L; Robertson, PM; Roy, A; Santoro, F; Smith, MP; Terrien, RC; Timmerman, E; Willems, P; Wolf, MJ; Wright, J		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Schwab, Christian; Liang, Ming; Gong, Qian; Bender, Chad; Blake, Cullen; Halverson, Samuel; Harbeck, Daniel; Hearty, Fred; Hunting, Emily; Jaehnig, Kurt P.; Logsdon, Sarah E.; Mahadevan, Suvrath; McElwain, Michael W.; Monson, Andrew J.; Percival, Jeffrey W.; Rajagopal, Jayadev; Ramsey, Lawrence; Robertson, Paul M.; Roy, Arpita; Santoro, Fernando; Smith, Michael P.; Terrien, Ryan C.; Timmerman, Erik; Willems, Phil; Wolf, Marsha J.; Wright, Jason			The NEID precision radial velocity spectrometer: Optical design of the port adapter and ADC	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Echelle; Doppler technique; Radial Velocities; Atmospheric Dispersion Corrector; Fiber injection; Spectrograph; Guiding; Acquisition		NEID is a new extreme precision Doppler spectrometer for the WIYN telescope. It is fiber fed and employs a classical white pupil Echelle configuration. NEID has a fiber aperture of only 0.92 '' on sky in high-resolution mode, and its tight radial velocity error budget resulted in very stringent stability requirements for the input illumination of the spectrograph optics. Consequently, the demands on the fiber injection are challenging. In this paper, we describe the layout and optical design of the injection module, including a broadband, high image quality relay and a high-performance atmospheric dispersion corrector (ADC) across the bandwidth of 380 - 930 nm.	[Schwab, Christian] Macquarie Univ, Ctr Astron Astrophys & Astrophoton, N Ryde, NSW 2109, Australia; [Schwab, Christian] Australian Astron Observ, Coonabarabran, NSW 2109, Australia; [Liang, Ming; Hunting, Emily; Rajagopal, Jayadev; Timmerman, Erik] Natl Opt Astron Observ, 950 N Cherry Ave, Tucson, AZ 85719 USA; [Gong, Qian; Logsdon, Sarah E.; McElwain, Michael W.] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, 8800 Greenbelt Rd, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Bender, Chad] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, 933 N Cherry Ave, Tucson, AZ 85719 USA; [Blake, Cullen] Univ Penn, Dept Phys & Astron, 209 South 33rd St, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Halverson, Samuel] MIT, Kavli Inst Astrophys & Space Res, 77 Massachusetts Ave,37-241, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Harbeck, Daniel] Las Cumbres Observ, Goleta, CA USA; [Hearty, Fred; Mahadevan, Suvrath; Monson, Andrew J.; Ramsey, Lawrence; Wright, Jason] Penn State Univ, Dept Astron & Astrophys, 525 Davey Lab, University Pk, PA 16802 USA; [Jaehnig, Kurt P.; Percival, Jeffrey W.; Smith, Michael P.; Wolf, Marsha J.] Univ Wisconsin, Washburn Astron Labs, 475 N Charter St, Madison, WI 53706 USA; [Robertson, Paul M.] Univ Calif Irvine, Dept Phys & Astron, Irvine, CA USA; [Roy, Arpita] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Santoro, Fernando] ASTRO LLC, POB 623, Los Lunas, NM 87031 USA; [Terrien, Ryan C.] Carleton Coll, Northfield, MN 55057 USA; [Willems, Phil] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Harbeck, Daniel] WIYN Observ, Tucson, AZ USA	Schwab, C (corresponding author), Macquarie Univ, Ctr Astron Astrophys & Astrophoton, N Ryde, NSW 2109, Australia.; Schwab, C (corresponding author), Australian Astron Observ, Coonabarabran, NSW 2109, Australia.	christian.schwab@mq.edu.au		Harbeck, Daniel-Rolf/0000-0002-8590-007X; Robertson, Paul/0000-0003-0149-9678; Schwab, Christian/0000-0002-4046-987X	NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program; ARC DECRA fellowshipAustralian Research Council	Sarah Logsdon is supported by an appointment to the NASA Postdoctoral Program at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, administered by USRA through a contract with NASA. This work was performed, in part, by SPH, PMR and CS under contract with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) funded by NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program executed by the NASA Exoplanet Science Institute. We thank Mike Rud and Joe Appels for helpful discussions. CS acknowledges the support of an ARC DECRA fellowship, and thanks Yulia Gurevich for help with the manuscript.		8	1	1	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 1070271	10.1117/12.2314420			9	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300173		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Sirk, MM; Wishnow, EH; Weisfeiler, M; Jhoti, E; Curtis, J; Ishikawa, Y; Finstad, D; O'Hanlon, T; Gibson, SR; Edelstein, J; Halverson, S; Roy, A; Howard, A		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Sirk, Martin M.; Wishnow, Edward H.; Weisfeiler, Marie; Jhoti, Elisha; Curtis, James; Ishikawa, Yuzo; Finstad, Daniel; O'Hanlon, Timothy; Gibson, Steven R.; Edelstein, Jerry; Halverson, Samuel; Roy, Arpita; Howard, Andrew			An Optical Fiber Double Scrambler and Mechanical Agitator System for the Keck Planet Finder Spectrograph	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		astronomical instruments: spectrographs; techniques: radialvelocity; techniques: spectroscopic; fibers: modal-noise; fibers: scrambling		We present the design and test results of a double-scrambler and fiber agitator system for the Keck Planet Finder (KPF) spectrograph. The mechanical agitator for modal noise suppression is constructed from two linear stages with the fibers mounted in a "W" curve. When driven back-and-forth at different rates, the stages change the position of the fiber curves, and hence vary the modes propagating through the fiber. Near-field temporal centroid shifts caused by modal-noise are reduced by a factor of 100 by the agitator, while mid-range spatial frequencies have reduced power by a factor of similar to 300 in the near-field, and similar to 1000 in the far-field. The scrambling system incorporates two octagonal fibers, and a scrambler consisting of two identical cemented lenses similar to 20 cm apart, which exchanges the optical near- and far-fields of the fibers. The scrambler shows scrambling gains >16,000 in the near-field, and >40,000 in the far-field. The measured throughput efficiency of 99.3% of the expected maximum demonstrates that scrambler-induced focal ratio degradation (FRD) is minimal. The scrambler also serves as the feed-through into the vacuum chamber where the spectrograph is housed, thereby removing concerns about stressing the fibers, and introducing FRD, at this interface. Our illumination stabilization system, consisting of two octagonal fibers, a two lens scrambler, and a mechanical agitator, produces very homogeneous fiber output in both the near and far-fields. When coupled to the Keck Planet Finder spectrograph, this system provides illumination stability corresponding to a velocity of 0.30 m s(-1.)	[Sirk, Martin M.; Wishnow, Edward H.; Weisfeiler, Marie; Ishikawa, Yuzo; O'Hanlon, Timothy; Gibson, Steven R.; Edelstein, Jerry] Univ Calif Berkeley, Space Sci Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Jhoti, Elisha] Univ Edinburgh, Edinburgh, Midlothian, Scotland; [Curtis, James] Univ Calif Berkeley, Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Ishikawa, Yuzo] San Francisco State Univ, San Francisco, CA 94132 USA; [Finstad, Daniel] Syracuse Univ, Dept Phys, Syracuse, NY USA; [Halverson, Samuel] Univ Penn, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Halverson, Samuel] MIT, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Roy, Arpita; Howard, Andrew] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA USA	Sirk, MM (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Space Sci Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	sirk@ssl.berkeley.edu			Heising-Simons Foundation; W.M. Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; University of California, BerkeleyUniversity of California System; California Institute of Technology; University of Hawaii; NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program	The authors thank the Heising-Simons Foundation, the W.M. Keck Foundation, the University of California, Berkeley, the California Institute of Technology, and the University of Hawaii for financial support of KPF. We also thank Claire Poppett and Sharon Jelinsky of the DESI project for help bonding ferrules onto our fibers. This work was performed by SPH under contract with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) funded by NASA through the Sagan Fellowship Program executed by the NASA Exoplanet Science Institute.		17	0	0	0	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107026F	10.1117/12.2312945			19	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300159		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Skemer, AJ; Stelter, D; Mawet, D; Fitzgerald, M; Mazin, B; Guyon, O; Marois, C; Briesemeister, Z; Brandt, T; Chilcote, J; Delorme, JR; Jovanovic, N; Lu, J; Millar-Blanchaer, M; Wallace, J; Vasisht, G; Roberts, LC; Wang, J		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Skemer, Andrew J.; Stelter, Deno; Mawet, Dimitri; Fitzgerald, Michael; Mazin, Benjamin; Guyon, Olivier; Marois, Christian; Briesemeister, Zackery; Brandt, Timothy; Chilcote, Jeffrey; Delorme, Jacques-Robert; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Lu, Jessica; Millar-Blanchaer, Maxwell; Wallace, James; Vasisht, Gautam; Roberts, Lewis C., Jr.; Wang, Ji			The Planetary Systems Imager: 2-5 Micron Channel	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Adaptive optics; integral field spectroscopy; exoplanet imaging; exoplanet instrumentation		We summarize the red channel (2-5 micron) of the Planetary Systems Imager (PSI), a proposed second-generation instrument for the TMT. Cold exoplanets emit the majority of their light in the thermal infrared, which means these exoplanets can be detected at a more modest contrast than at other wavelengths. PSI-Red will be able to detect and characterize a wide variety of exoplanets, including radial-velocity planets on wide orbits, accreting protoplanets in nearby star-forming regions, and reflected-light planets around the nearest stars. PSI-Red will feature an imager, a low-resolution lenslet integral field spectrograph, a medium-resolution lenslet+slicer integral field spectrograph, and a fiber-fed high-resolution spectrograph.	[Skemer, Andrew J.; Stelter, Deno; Briesemeister, Zackery] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Mawet, Dimitri; Delorme, Jacques-Robert; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Wang, Ji] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Fitzgerald, Michael] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA USA; [Mazin, Benjamin] Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA; [Guyon, Olivier; Brandt, Timothy] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Tokyo, Japan; [Marois, Christian] NRC Dominion Astrophys Observ, Kaleden, BC, Canada; [Chilcote, Jeffrey] Stanford Univ, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Lu, Jessica] Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Millar-Blanchaer, Maxwell; Wallace, James; Vasisht, Gautam; Roberts, Lewis C., Jr.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Skemer, AJ (corresponding author), Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA.	askemer@ucsc.edu	Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020; Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019; Vasisht, Gautam/AAP-3022-2020; Fitzgerald, Michael/C-2642-2009	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Vasisht, Gautam/0000-0002-1871-6264; Fitzgerald, Michael/0000-0002-0176-8973	NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1608834, 1614320]	The authors wish to acknowledge the Center for Adaptive Optics Fall Retreat and the TMT Science Forum, where much of this work originated. This paper is based on work funded by NSF Grants 1608834 and 1614320.		18	0	0	1	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 10702A5	10.1117/12.2314173			7	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300261		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Smith, C; Gibson, SR; Howard, AW; Edelstein, J; Wishnow, EH; Rider, K		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Smith, Christopher; Gibson, Steven R.; Howard, Andrew W.; Edelstein, Jerry; Wishnow, Edward H.; Rider, Kodi			Keck Planet Finder: Zerodur Optical Bench Mechanical Design	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Spectrometer; Exoplanets; Doppler Spectroscopy; Zerodur; Optical Bench		The Keck Planet Finder (KPF) is a fiber-fed, high-resolution, high-stability spectrometer in development for the W.M. Keck Observatory. To measure Doppler shifts to 0.5 m/s or better requires some of the optics be stable to 2 nm vertically and 2 nrad in pitch angle throughout a potentially one hour long observation. One traditional approach to this thermal stability problem is to build a metal bench and then control the spectrometer thermal environment to milli-Kelvin levels. An alternative approach used by KPF is to employ a Zerodur bench of extremely low coefficient of expansion (CTE), which relaxes the thermal stability required for the spectrometer assembly. Furthermore, Zerodur optics with integral mounts are used where possible, and are placed in contact with the bench through Zerodur shims. Springs are used to preload the optics and shims within pockets machined into the Zerodur bench. We will describe how this approach has been adapted for each optic (some of which are 450 mm high with a mass of 30 kg), and how the system meets our earthquake survival requirement of 0.92 g. This mounting scheme allows us to avoid using high-CTE metals or adhesives within the optic mounting system, and therefore fully exploit the high thermal stability of the Zerodur optical bench.	[Smith, Christopher; Gibson, Steven R.; Howard, Andrew W.; Edelstein, Jerry; Wishnow, Edward H.; Rider, Kodi] Univ Calif Berkeley, Space Sci Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Howard, Andrew W.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Smith, C (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Space Sci Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	csmith@ssl.berkeley.edu			Heising-Simons Foundation; W.M. Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; University of California, BerkeleyUniversity of California System; California Institute of Technology; University of Hawaii	The authors thank the Heising-Simons Foundation; the W.M. Keck Foundation; the University of California, Berkeley; the California Institute of Technology; and the University of Hawaii for financial support of KPF. The authors also wish to thank Winlight Systems for their valuable contributions to the designs of the reformatter and cameras, as well as the DESI project for sharing both their camera designs and their expertise with optical fibers.		8	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107026Y	10.1117/12.2313969			20	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300172		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Tamura, N; Takato, N; Shimono, A; Moritani, Y; Yabe, K; Ishizuka, Y; Kamata, Y; Ueda, A; Aghazarian, H; Arnouts, S; Barkhouser, RH; Balard, P; Barette, R; Belhadi, M; Burnham, JA; Caplar, N; Carr, MA; Chabaud, PY; Chang, YC; Chen, HY; Chou, CY; Chu, YH; Cohen, JG; de Almeida, RP; de Oliveira, AC; de Oliveira, LS; Dekany, RG; Dohlen, K; dos Santos, JB; dos Santos, LH; Ellis, RS; Fabricius, M; Ferreira, D; Furusawa, H; Garcia-Carpio, J; Golebiowski, M; Gross, J; Gunn, JE; Hammond, R; Harding, A; Hart, M; Heckman, TM; Ho, PTP; Hope, SC; Hover, DJ; Hsu, SF; Hu, YS; Huang, PJ; Jamal, S; Jaquet, M; Jeschke, E; Jing, YP; Kado-Fong, E; Karr, JL; Kimura, M; King, ME; Koike, M; Komatsu, E; Le Brun, V; Le Fevre, O; Le Fur, A; Le Mignant, D; Ling, HH; Loomis, CP; Lupton, RH; Madec, F; Mao, PH; Marchesini, D; Marrara, LS; Medvedev, D; Mineo, S; Minowa, Y; Murayama, H; Murray, GJ; Ohyama, Y; Onodera, M; Orndorff, J; Pascal, S; Peebles, J; Pernot, G; Pourcelot, R; Reiley, DJ; Reinecke, M; Roberts, M; Rosa, JA; Rousselle, J; Schmitt, A; Schwochert, MA; Seiffert, MD; Siddiqui, H; Smee, SA; Sodre, L; Steinkraus, AJ; Strauss, MA; Surace, C; Tait, PJ; Takada, M; Tamura, T; Tanaka, M; Tanaka, Y; Thakar, AR; Verducci, O; Vibert, D; Wang, SY; Wang, Z; Wen, CY; Werner, S; Yamada, Y; Yan, CH; Yasuda, N; Yoshida, H; Yoshida, M		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Tamura, Naoyuki; Takato, Naruhisa; Shimono, Atsushi; Moritani, Yuki; Yabe, Kiyoto; Ishizuka, Yuki; Kamata, Yukiko; Ueda, Akitoshi; Aghazarian, Hrand; Arnouts, Stephane; Barkhouser, Robert H.; Balard, Philippe; Barette, Rudy; Belhadi, Mohamed; Burnham, Jill A.; Caplar, Neven; Carr, Michael A.; Chabaud, Pierre-Yves; Chang, Yin-Chang; Chen, Hsin-Yo; Chou, Chueh-Yi; Chu, You-Hua; Cohen, Judith G.; de Almeida, Rodrigo P.; de Oliveira, Antonio C.; de Oliveira, Ligia S.; Dekany, Richard G.; Dohlen, Kjetil; dos Santos, Jesulino B.; dos Santos, Leandro H.; Ellis, Richard S.; Fabricius, Maximilian; Ferreira, Decio; Furusawa, Hisanori; Garcia-Carpio, Javier; Golebiowski, Mirek; Gross, Johannes; Gunn, James E.; Hammond, Randolph; Harding, Albert; Hart, Murdock; Heckman, Timothy M.; Ho, Paul T. P.; Hope, Stephen C.; Hover, David J.; Hsu, Shu-Fu; Hu, Yen-Shan; Huang, Ping-Jie; Jamal, Sara; Jaquet, Marc; Jeschke, Eric; Jing, Yipeng; Kado-Fong, Erin; Karr, Jennifer L.; Kimura, Masahiko; King, Matthew E.; Koike, Michitaro; Komatsu, Eiichiro; Le Brun, Vincent; Le Fevre, Olivier; Le Fur, Arnaud; Le Mignant, David; Ling, Hung-Hsu; Loomis, Craig P.; Lupton, Robert H.; Madec, Fabrice; Mao, Peter H.; Marchesini, Danilo; Marrara, Lucas S.; Medvedev, Dmitry; Mineo, Sogo; Minowa, Yosuke; Murayama, Hitoshi; Murray, Graham J.; Ohyama, Youichi; Onodera, Masato; Orndorff, Joseph; Pascal, Sandrine; Peebles, Josh; Pernot, Guillaume; Pourcelot, Raphael; Reiley, Daniel J.; Reinecke, Martin; Roberts, Mitsuko; Rosa, Josimar A.; Rousselle, Julien; Schmitt, Alain; Schwochert, Mark A.; Seiffert, Michael D.; Siddiqui, Hassan; Smee, Stephen A.; Sodre, Laerte, Jr.; Steinkraus, Aaron J.; Strauss, Michael A.; Surace, Christian; Tait, Philip J.; Takada, Masahiro; Tamura, Tomonori; Tanaka, Masayuki; Tanaka, Yoko; Thakar, Aniruddha R.; Verducci, Orlando, Jr.; Vibert, Didier; Wang, Shiang-Yu; Wang, Zuo; Wen, Chih-Yi; Werner, Suzanne; Yamada, Yoshihiko; Yan, Chi-Hung; Yasuda, Naoki; Yoshida, Hiroshige; Yoshida, Michitoshi			Prime Focus Spectrograph (PFS) for the Subaru telescope: Ongoing integration and future plans	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Subaru Telescope; future instrument; wide-field instrument; multi-object spectroscopy; optical and near-infrared spectroscopy; optical spectroscopy; near-infrared spectroscopy; international collaboration; optical fibers		PFS (Prime Focus Spectrograph), a next generation facility instrument on the 8.2-meter Subaru Telescope, is a very wide-field, massively multiplexed, optical and near-infrared spectrograph. Exploiting the Subaru prime focus, 2394 reconfigurable fibers will be distributed over the 1.3 deg field of view. The spectrograph has been designed with 3 arms of blue, red, and near-infrared cameras to simultaneously observe spectra from 380nm to 1260nm in one exposure at a resolution of 1.6-2.7A. An international collaboration is developing this instrument under the initiative of Kavli IPMU. The project recently started undertaking the commissioning process of a subsystem at the Subaru Telescope side, with the integration and test processes of the other subsystems ongoing in parallel. We are aiming to start engineering night-sky operations in 2019, and observations for scientific use in 2021. This article gives an overview of the instrument, current project status and future paths forward.	[Tamura, Naoyuki; Shimono, Atsushi; Moritani, Yuki; Yabe, Kiyoto; Ishizuka, Yuki; Komatsu, Eiichiro; Murayama, Hitoshi; Takada, Masahiro; Yasuda, Naoki] Univ Tokyo, Inst Adv Study, Kavli Inst Phys & Math Universe WPI, Kashiwa, Chiba 2778583, Japan; [Takato, Naruhisa; Jeschke, Eric; Minowa, Yosuke; Onodera, Masato; Rousselle, Julien; Tait, Philip J.; Tamura, Tomonori; Tanaka, Yoko; Yoshida, Hiroshige; Yoshida, Michitoshi] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Kamata, Yukiko; Ueda, Akitoshi; Chabaud, Pierre-Yves; Furusawa, Hisanori; Koike, Michitaro; Mineo, Sogo; Tanaka, Masayuki; Yamada, Yoshihiko] Natl Astron Observ Japan, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Aghazarian, Hrand; Gross, Johannes; King, Matthew E.; Mao, Peter H.; Schwochert, Mark A.; Seiffert, Michael D.; Steinkraus, Aaron J.] Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Arnouts, Stephane; Balard, Philippe; Barette, Rudy; Belhadi, Mohamed; Dohlen, Kjetil; Jamal, Sara; Jaquet, Marc; Le Brun, Vincent; Le Fevre, Olivier; Le Fur, Arnaud; Le Mignant, David; Madec, Fabrice; Pascal, Sandrine; Pernot, Guillaume; Pourcelot, Raphael; Schmitt, Alain; Surace, Christian; Vibert, Didier] Aix Marseille Univ, CNRS, CNES, LAM,UMR 7326, F-13388 Marseille, France; [Barkhouser, Robert H.; Golebiowski, Mirek; Hammond, Randolph; Harding, Albert; Hart, Murdock; Heckman, Timothy M.; Hope, Stephen C.; Medvedev, Dmitry; Orndorff, Joseph; Peebles, Josh; Smee, Stephen A.; Thakar, Aniruddha R.; Wang, Zuo; Werner, Suzanne] Johns Hopkins Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, 3701 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Burnham, Jill A.; Cohen, Judith G.; Dekany, Richard G.; Hover, David J.; Mao, Peter H.; Reiley, Daniel J.; Roberts, Mitsuko; Seiffert, Michael D.] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Caplar, Neven; Carr, Michael A.; Gunn, James E.; Kado-Fong, Erin; Loomis, Craig P.; Lupton, Robert H.; Siddiqui, Hassan; Strauss, Michael A.] Princeton Univ, Dept Astrophys Sci, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Chang, Yin-Chang; Chen, Hsin-Yo; Chou, Chueh-Yi; Chu, You-Hua; Ho, Paul T. P.; Hsu, Shu-Fu; Hu, Yen-Shan; Huang, Ping-Jie; Karr, Jennifer L.; Kimura, Masahiko; Ling, Hung-Hsu; Ohyama, Youichi; Wang, Shiang-Yu; Wen, Chih-Yi; Yan, Chi-Hung] Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, POB 23-141, Taipei, Taiwan; [de Almeida, Rodrigo P.; de Oliveira, Antonio C.; de Oliveira, Ligia S.; dos Santos, Jesulino B.; dos Santos, Leandro H.; Ferreira, Decio; Marrara, Lucas S.; Rosa, Josimar A.; Verducci, Orlando, Jr.] Lab Nacl Astrofis, BR-37504364 Itajuba, MG, Brazil; [Ellis, Richard S.] UCL, Dept Phys & Astron, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, England; [Fabricius, Maximilian; Garcia-Carpio, Javier] Max Planck Inst Extraterr Phys, Giessenbachstr, D-85748 Garching, Germany; [Jing, Yipeng] Shanghai Jiao Tong Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Ctr Astron & Astrophys, Shanghai 200240, Peoples R China; [Komatsu, Eiichiro; Reinecke, Martin] Max Planck Inst Astrophys, Karl Schwarzschild Str 1, D-85741 Garching, Germany; [Marchesini, Danilo] Tufts Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, CLIC,574 Boston Ave, Medford, MA 02155 USA; [Murayama, Hitoshi] Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Murayama, Hitoshi] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, MS 50A-5104, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Murray, Graham J.] Univ Durham, Ctr Adv Instrumentat, Durham DH1 3LE, England; [Sodre, Laerte, Jr.] Univ Sao Paulo, Dept Astron, Inst Astron Geofis & Ciencias Atmosfer, Rua Matao 1226, BR-05508090 Sao Paulo, Brazil	Tamura, N (corresponding author), Univ Tokyo, Inst Adv Study, Kavli Inst Phys & Math Universe WPI, Kashiwa, Chiba 2778583, Japan.	naoyuki.tamura@ipmu.jp	Hart, Murdock/AAE-7885-2019; Sodre, Laerte/P-6045-2016; Seiffert, Michael/AAI-1547-2020	Hart, Murdock/0000-0002-0330-1648; Sodre, Laerte/0000-0002-3876-268X; Seiffert, Michael/0000-0002-7536-9393; Furusawa, Hisanori/0000-0002-6174-8165; Jamal, Sara/0000-0002-3929-6668; Murray, Graham/0000-0002-8429-3458; Onodera, Masato/0000-0003-3228-7264; Ohyama, Youichi/0000-0001-9490-3582; Caplar, Neven/0000-0003-3287-5250; Takada, Masahiro/0000-0002-5578-6472; Komatsu, Eiichiro/0000-0002-0136-2404; surace, christian/0000-0003-2592-0113	Funding Program for World-Leading Innovative R&D on Science and Technology (FIRST) program "Subaru Measurements of Images and Redshifts (SuMIRe)", CSTP, Japan; JSPS KAKENHIMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of ScienceGrants-in-Aid for Scientific Research (KAKENHI) [JP15H05893, JP15K21733, JP15H05892]; Academia Sinica of TaiwanAcademia Sinica - Taiwan; FAPESPFundacao de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado de Sao Paulo (FAPESP) [2012/00800-4]	We appreciate all the contributions from the PFS science team to the instrument requirements definitions and the survey planning. We also thank all the people involved with this PFS project in the past in various formats. Without their efforts and contributions, the project would not even start or continue to exist until now. We are grateful to the staffs (in addition to those on the author list) at National Astronomical Observatory of Japan and the Subaru Telescope observatory for their contributions to the development of the PFS instrument, the modifications of the telescope system and other infrastructures to accept PFS, the preparations of PFS system integration and engineering observations, and various other aspects such as the administrative supports. Our thanks should also be sent to the staffs at Durham University in the United Kingdom, for their supports of the development of the PFS fiber system as the consultancy. We gratefully acknowledge support from the Funding Program for World-Leading Innovative R&D on Science and Technology (FIRST) program "Subaru Measurements of Images and Redshifts (SuMIRe)", CSTP, Japan. This work is supported by JSPS KAKENHI Grant Numbers JP15H05893, JP15K21733, and JP15H05892. The work in ASIAA, Taiwan, is supported by the Academia Sinica of Taiwan. The work in Brazil is supported by the FAPESP grant 2012/00800-4.		19	2	2	1	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107021C	10.1117/12.2311871			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300029					2020-09-09	
S	Tinyanont, S; Millar-Blanchaer, M; Nilsson, R; Mawet, D; Knutson, H; Kataria, T; Vasisht, G; Henderson, C; Matthews, K; Serabyn, E; Milburn, JW; Hale, D; Smith, R; Vissapragada, S		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Tinyanont, Samaporn; Millar-Blanchaer, Maxwell; Nilsson, Ricky; Mawet, Dimitri; Knutson, Heather; Kataria, Tiffany; Vasisht, Gautam; Henderson, Charles; Matthews, Keith; Serabyn, Eugene; Milburn, Jennifer W.; Hale, David; Smith, Roger; Vissapragada, Shreyas			WIRC plus Pol: low-resolution near-infrared spectropolarimeter	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		spectropolarimetry; polarization grating	POLARIZATION GRATINGS	WIRC+Pol is a newly commissioned low-resolution (R similar to 100), near-infrared (J and H bands) spectropolarimetry mode of the Wide-field InfraRed Camera (WIRC) on the 200-inch Hale Telescope at Palomar Observatory. The instrument utilizes a novel polarimeter design based on a quarter-wave plate and a polarization grating (PG), which provides full linear polarization measurements (Stokes I, Q, and U) in one exposure with no need for a polarimetric modulator. The PG also has high transmission across the J and H bands. The instrument is situated at the prime focus of an equatorially mounted telescope. As a result, the system only has one reflection in the light path and the instrument does not rotate with respect to the sky, which provides minimal and stable telescope induced polarization. A data reduction pipeline has been developed for WIRC+Pol to produce linear polarization measurements from observations, allowing, e.g., real-time monitoring of the signal-to-noise ratio of ongoing observations. WIRC+Pol has been on-sky since February 2017. Results from the first year commissioning data show that the instrument has a high dispersion efficiency as expected from the polarization grating. We discuss instrumental systematics we have uncovered in the data, their potential causes, along with calibrations that are necessary to eliminate them. We demonstrate the polarimetric stability of the instrument with RMS variation at 0.2% level over 30 minutes for a bright standard star (J = 8.7). While the spectral extraction is photon noise limited, polarization calibration between sources remain limited by systematics.	[Tinyanont, Samaporn; Nilsson, Ricky; Mawet, Dimitri; Matthews, Keith; Milburn, Jennifer W.; Hale, David; Smith, Roger] CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd,MC 249-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Millar-Blanchaer, Maxwell; Mawet, Dimitri; Knutson, Heather; Kataria, Tiffany; Vasisht, Gautam; Serabyn, Eugene] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Millar-Blanchaer, Maxwell] NASA, Moffett Field, CA USA; [Vissapragada, Shreyas] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Henderson, Charles] Cornell Univ, Dept Astron, 616A Space Sci Bldg, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA	Tinyanont, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 E Calif Blvd,MC 249-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	st@astro.caltech.edu	Vasisht, Gautam/AAP-3022-2020	Vasisht, Gautam/0000-0002-1871-6264; Tinyanont, Samaporn/0000-0002-1481-4676	Mt. Cuba Astronomical Foundation	WIRC+ Pol instrument upgrade was funded by Mt. Cuba Astronomical Foundation. We thank Paulo Miles-Paez for providing us polarized spectra of Elia 2-25 polarized standard star for comparison with our observations and for discussions on best practices in reducing near-infrared spectropolarimetric data. We thank staff of Palomar Observatory for assisting our observations. Palomar Observatory is operated by a collaboration between California Institute of Technology, Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Yale University, and National Astronomical Observatories of China.		33	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107023J	10.1117/12.2314161			19	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300088		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Trapp, AC; Larkin, J; Magnone, K; Greffe, T; Hardy, T; Dunn, J; Chrisholm, E; Johnson, C; Suzuki, R		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Trapp, A. C.; Larkin, James; Magnone, Ken; Greffe, Timothee; Hardy, Tim; Dunn, Jennifer; Chrisholm, Eric; Johnson, Chris; Suzuki, Ryuji			The infrared imaging spectrograph (IRIS) for TMT: electronics-cable architecture	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		ELT: TMT; TMT: IRIS; Cable Architecture; Electronics Diagrams; SPIE Proceedings		The InfraRed Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) is a first-light instrument for the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT). It combines a diffraction limited imager and an integral field spectrograph. This paper focuses on the electrical system of IRIS. With an instrument of the size and complexity of IRIS we face several electrical challenges. Many of the major controllers must be located directly on the cryostat to reduce cable lengths, and others require multiple bulkheads and must pass through a large cable wrap. Cooling and vibration due to the rotation of the instrument are also major challenges. We will present our selection of cables and connectors for both room temperature and cryogenic environments, packaging in the various cabinets and enclosures, and techniques for complex bulkheads including for large detectors at the cryostat wall.	[Trapp, A. C.; Larkin, James; Magnone, Ken; Johnson, Chris] UCLA, Dept Phys & Astron, 430 Portola Plaza, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Greffe, Timothee] CALTECH, 1216 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Hardy, Tim; Dunn, Jennifer] NRC Herzberg Astron & Astrophys Res Ctr, Ottawa, ON, Canada; [Chrisholm, Eric] TMT, 100 West Walnut St, Pasadena, CA 91124 USA; [Suzuki, Ryuji] NAOJ, Mitaka, Tokyo, Japan	Trapp, AC (corresponding author), UCLA, Dept Phys & Astron, 430 Portola Plaza, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA.				Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Canada Foundation for InnovationCanada Foundation for Innovation; Ontario Ministry of Research and InnovationMinistry of Research and Innovation, Ontario; Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of CanadaNatural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada; British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund; Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA); Association of Universities for Researc Science foundation; National institutes of Natural Sciences of of India; California. Institute of Technology; University of CaliforniaUniversity of California System; National Astronomical Observatory of JapanNational Institutes of Natural Sciences (NINS) - Japan; National Astronomical Observatories of China; Department of Science and Technology of IndiaDepartment of Science & Technology (India); National Research Council of Canada	The TMT Project gratefully acknk ACKNOWLEDGMENTS support Of the TMT collaborating institutions. They are the California. Institute of Technology, the University of California, the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan, the National Astronomical Observatories of China and their consortiurn partners, the Department of Science and Technology of India and their supported institutes, and the National Research Council of Canada. 'Yids work was supported as well by lie Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, the Canada Foundation for Innovation, the Ontario Ministry of Research and Innovation, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund, the Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA), the Association of Universities for Researc Science foundation, the National institutes of Natural Sciences of of India.		4	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 10702A1	10.1117/12.2313978			7	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300257		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Wang, SY; Chou, RCY; Huang, PJ; Chang, YC; Ling, HH; Yan, CH; Karr, J; Hsu, SF; Chen, HY; Hu, YS; Gunn, JE; Reiley, DJ; Tamura, N; Takato, N; Moritani, Y; Shimono, A		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Wang, Shiang-Yu; Chou, Richard C. Y.; Huang, Pin-Jie; Chang, Yin-Chang; Ling, Hung-Hsu; Yan, Chi-Hung; Karr, Jennifer; Hsu, Shu-Fu; Chen, Hsin-Yo; Hu, Yen-Shan; Gunn, James E.; Reiley, Dan J.; Tamura, Naoyuki; Takato, Naruhisa; Moritani, Yuki; Shimono, Atsushi			Metrology Camera System of Prime Focus Spectrograph for Subaru Telescope	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Metrology; CMOS sensor; multi-fiber; spectrograph; Schmidt telescope		The Prime Focus Spectrograph (PFS) is a new optical/near-infrared multi-fiber spectrograph designed for the prime focus of the 8.2m Subaru telescope. PFS will cover a 1.3 degree diameter field with 2394 fibers to complement the imaging capabilities of Hyper SuprimeCam. To retain high throughput, the final positioning accuracy between the fibers and observing targets of PFS is required to be less than 10 mu m. The metrology camera system (MCS) serves as the optical encoder of the fiber positioners for the configuring of fibers. MCS provides the fiber positions within a 5 microns error over the 45 cm focal plane. The information from MCS will be fed into the fiber positioner control system for the closed loop control. MCS locates at the Cassegrain focus of Subaru telescope to cover the whole focal plan with one 50M pixel Canon CMOS camera. It is a 380 mm aperture Schmidt type telescope which generates uniform spot size around 10 mu m FWHM across the field for reasonable sampling of the point spreading function. An achromatic lens set is designed to remove the possible chromatic error due to the variation of the LED wavelength. Carbon fiber tubes are used to provide stable structure over the operation conditions without focus adjustments. The CMOS sensor can be read in 0.8 s to reduce the overhead for the fiber configuration. The positions of all fibers can be obtained within 0.5 s after the readout of the frame. This enables the overall fiber configuration to be less than 2 minutes. MCS is installed inside a standard Subaru Cassgrain Box. All components generate heat are located inside a glycol cooled cabinet to reduce the possible image motion due to the heat. The integration of MCS started from fall 2017 and it was delivered to Subaru in April 2018. In this report, the performance of MCS after the integration and verification process in ASIAA and the performance after the delivery to Subaru telescope are presented.	[Wang, Shiang-Yu; Chou, Richard C. Y.; Huang, Pin-Jie; Chang, Yin-Chang; Ling, Hung-Hsu; Yan, Chi-Hung; Karr, Jennifer; Hsu, Shu-Fu; Chen, Hsin-Yo; Hu, Yen-Shan] Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, POB 23-141, Taipei, Taiwan; [Gunn, James E.] Princeton Univ, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Reiley, Dan J.] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Tamura, Naoyuki; Moritani, Yuki; Shimono, Atsushi] Univ Tokyo, Inst Adv Study, Kavli Inst Phys & Math Universe WPI, Kashiwa, Chiba 2778583, Japan; [Takato, Naruhisa] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 North Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA	Wang, SY (corresponding author), Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, POB 23-141, Taipei, Taiwan.	sywang@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw			Funding Program for World-Leading Innovative R&D on Science and Technology(FIRST) "Subaru Measurements of Images and Redshifts (SuMIRe)", CSTP, Japan; Academia Sinica of TaiwanAcademia Sinica - Taiwan	We gratefully acknowledge support from the Funding Program for World-Leading Innovative R&D on Science and Technology(FIRST) "Subaru Measurements of Images and Redshifts (SuMIRe)", CSTP, Japan for PFS project. The work in ASIAA, Taiwan is supported by the Academia Sinica of Taiwan.		5	0	0	1	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107027H	10.1117/12.2311902			11	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300188		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Wright, SA; Horowitz, P; Maire, J; Werthimer, D; Antonio, F; Aronson, M; Chaim-Weismann, S; Cosens, M; Drake, FD; Howard, AW; Marcy, GW; Raffanti, R; Siemion, APV; Stone, RPS; Treffers, RR; Uttamchandani, A		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Wright, Shelley A.; Horowitz, Paul; Maire, Jerome; Werthimer, Dan; Antonio, Franklin; Aronson, Michael; Chaim-Weismann, Sam; Cosens, Maren; Drake, Frank D.; Howard, Andrew W.; Marcy, Geoffrey W.; Raffanti, Rick; Siemion, Andrew P. V.; Stone, Remington P. S.; Treffers, Richard R.; Uttamchandani, Avinash			Panoramic optical and near-infrared SETI instrument: overall specifications and science program	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		techniques: high time resolution; instrumentation: detectors; instrumentation: telescopes; instrumentation: novel; astrophysical transients; astrophysical variable sources; astrobiology; technosignatures; SETI	LASER-EMISSION; SEARCH; RADIO; PULSES	We present overall specifications and science goals for a new optical and near-infrared (350- 1650 nm) instrument designed to greatly enlarge the current Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI) phase space. The Pulsed All-sky Near-infrared Optical SETI (PANOSETI) observatory will be a dedicated SETI facility that aims to increase sky area searched, wavelengths covered, number of stellar systems observed, and duration of time monitored. This observatory will offer an "all-observable-sky" optical and wide-field near-infrared pulsed technosignature and astrophysical transient search that is capable of surveying the entire northern hemisphere. The final implemented experiment will search for transient pulsed signals occurring between nanosecond to second time scales. The optical component will cover a solid angle 2.5 million times larger than current SETI targeted searches, while also increasing dwell time per source by a factor of 10,000. The PANOSETI instrument will be the first near-infrared wide-field SETI program ever conducted. The rapid technological advance of fast-response optical and near-infrared detector arrays (i.e., Multi-Pixel Photon Counting; MPPC) make this program now feasible. The PANOSETI instrument design uses innovative domes that house 100 Fresnel lenses, which will search concurrently over 8,000 square degrees for transient signals (see Maire et al. and Cosens et al., this conference). In this paper, we describe the overall instrumental specifications and science objectives for PANOSETI.	[Wright, Shelley A.; Maire, Jerome; Cosens, Maren] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Wright, Shelley A.; Cosens, Maren] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Horowitz, Paul; Uttamchandani, Avinash] Harvard Univ, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Werthimer, Dan; Chaim-Weismann, Sam; Marcy, Geoffrey W.; Siemion, Andrew P. V.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Antonio, Franklin] Qualcomm Res Ctr, 5775 Morehouse Dr, San Diego, CA USA; [Aronson, Michael] Elect Packaging Man, Encinitas, CA USA; [Drake, Frank D.; Siemion, Andrew P. V.] SETI Inst, Mountain View, CA USA; [Howard, Andrew W.] CALTECH, Astron Dept, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Raffanti, Rick] Techne Instruments, Berkeley, CA USA; [Siemion, Andrew P. V.] Radboud Univ Nijmegen, Nijmegen, Netherlands; [Siemion, Andrew P. V.] Univ Malta, Inst Space Sci & Astronaut, Msida, Malta; [Stone, Remington P. S.] Univ Calif Observ, Lick Observ, San Jose, CA USA; [Treffers, Richard R.] Alamo, Starman Syst, San Antonio, TX USA; Univ Calif Berkeley, Space Sci Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA	Wright, SA (corresponding author), Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA.; Wright, SA (corresponding author), Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA.	saw@physics.ucsd.edu	Marcy, Geoff/AAC-6050-2019	Cosens, Maren/0000-0002-2248-6107	Bloom field Family Foundation; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [1407804]; Breakthrough Prize Foundation; Marilyn and Watson Alberts SETI Chair fund; Planetary Society	The PANOSETI research and instrumentation program is made possible by the enthusiastic support and interest of Franklin Antonio. We thank the Bloom field Family Foundation for supporting SETI research at UC San Diego in the CASS Optical and Infrared Laboratory. Harvard SETI is supported by The Planetary Society. UC Berkeley's SETI efforts involved with PANOSETI are supported by NSF grant 1407804, the Breakthrough Prize Foundation, and the Marilyn and Watson Alberts SETI Chair fund. We would like to thank the staff at Mt. Laguna and Lick Observatory for their help with equipment testing. The following vendors have been incredibly gracious with their answers to our frequent technical questions: Hamamatsu, Weeroc, Caen Technologies, and Amplification Technologies.		41	2	2	0	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107025I	10.1117/12.2314268			15	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300132		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Zhang, K; Zhou, YF; Moore, AM; Chisholm, E; Larkin, JE; Wright, S; Zhu, YT; Reiley, DJ; Hu, ZW		Evans, CJ; Simard, L; Takami, H		Zhang, Kai; Zhou, Yifei; Moore, Anna M.; Chisholm, Eric; Larkin, James E.; Wright, Shelley; Zhu, Yongtian; Reiley, Daniel J.; Hu, Zhongwen			The infrared imaging spectrograph (IRIS) for TMT: design of image slicer	GROUND-BASED AND AIRBORNE INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Ground-Based and Airborne Instrumentation for Astronomy VII	JUN 10-14, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Thirty Meter Telescope; Infrared Imaging Spectrograph; Integral Field Unit; Image Slicer		The InfraRed Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) is one of three first light science instruments for the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT). It will provide dedicated function of imaging and integral field spectroscopic observations in parallel with the assistance of a Narrow Field InfraRed Adaptive Optics System (NFIRAOS). The IRIS imager delivers celestial light to a dual-channel Integral Field Spectrograph (IFS) through a pair of pick-off mirrors in the central field. The IFS creates multi-functional ability to explore the universe in IR (0.84 - 2.4um) with moderate spectral resolution of R= 4,000/8,000 and four spaxel scales of 4, 9, 25, 50 milli-arc-seconds (mas). An image slicer serves one of the two spectral channels as its Integral Field Unit (IFU) in two coarse spaxel scales of 25 and 50mas over the continuous science fields of 2.2x1.125 arc-seconds (arcsec) and 4.4x2.25 arcsec respectively. It splits the field to 88 unit systems, and then re-images at two parallel slits in order to take full advantage of the detector (4Kx4K @ 15um). This paper describes a novel all-reflective design of image slicer, which uses a new 'rick stage' layout to stagger the adjacent mirrors and deliver image quality close to diffraction limit. The quasi-telecentric optical design gives more friendly interfaces with pre-optics and spectrograph than the conceptual design. Here, more technical issues are discussed to guide the further study on optical performance and fabrication feasibility.	[Zhang, Kai; Zhou, Yifei; Zhu, Yongtian; Hu, Zhongwen] Chinese Acad Sci, Natl Astron Observ, Nanjing Inst Astron Opt & Technol, Nanjing 210042, Jiangsu, Peoples R China; [Zhang, Kai; Zhou, Yifei; Zhu, Yongtian; Hu, Zhongwen] Chinese Acad Sci, Nanjing Inst Astron Opt & Technol, Key Lab Astron Opt & Technol, Nanjing 210042, Jiangsu, Peoples R China; [Zhou, Yifei] Univ Chinese Acad Sci, Beijing 100049, Peoples R China; [Moore, Anna M.] Australian Natl Univ, Res Sch Astron & Astrophys, Weston, ACT 2611, Australia; [Chisholm, Eric] TMT Int Observ, Pasadena, CA 91124 USA; [Larkin, James E.] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Phys & Astron, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Wright, Shelley] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, 9500 Gilman Dr, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Reiley, Daniel J.] Caltech Opt Observ, 1200 E Calif Blvd,Mail Code 11-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Zhang, K (corresponding author), Chinese Acad Sci, Natl Astron Observ, Nanjing Inst Astron Opt & Technol, Nanjing 210042, Jiangsu, Peoples R China.; Zhang, K (corresponding author), Chinese Acad Sci, Nanjing Inst Astron Opt & Technol, Key Lab Astron Opt & Technol, Nanjing 210042, Jiangsu, Peoples R China.	kzhang@niaot.ac.cn		Moore, Anna/0000-0002-2894-6936	TMT project office; IRIS design group; Nanjing Institute of Astronomical Optics and Technology (NIAOT); National Astronomical Observatory of China (NAOC); Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS)Chinese Academy of Sciences; Chinese Scholarship Council (CSC)China Scholarship Council [201704910452, 2017.12-2018.06]; Bureau of Personnel of CAS [2013.9-2014.08]; National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC)National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) [U1531133, 11773047]; Natural Science Foundation of Jiangsu provinceJiangsu Planned Projects for Postdoctoral Research FundsNatural Science Foundation of Jiangsu Province [BK20151065]; special funds for equipment renewal at astronomical observatory and major equipment operation (2015); knowledge innovation engineering in young talents field, NIAOT [2014.12-2017.12]; Youth Innovation Promotion Association, CAS	This work is supported by the TMT project office, IRIS design group, Nanjing Institute of Astronomical Optics and Technology (NIAOT), the National Astronomical Observatory of China (NAOC) and the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). It gets funding support from the Chinese Scholarship Council (CSC) (201704910452, 2017.12-2018.06), the Bureau of Personnel of CAS (2013.9-2014.08), National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) project (U1531133), (11773047), the Natural Science Foundation of Jiangsu province (BK20151065), the special funds for equipment renewal at astronomical observatory and major equipment operation (2015), the knowledge innovation engineering in young talents field, NIAOT (2014.12-2017.12) and the Youth Innovation Promotion Association, CAS. Here, we sincerely give our thanks to all the members of TMT-IRIS design group, especially Anna M. Moore, who led the design work of slicer IFS at the PDP and settled to the Advanced Instrumentation and Technology Centre, Australian National University in 2017.		12	0	0	1	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1958-6	PROC SPIE			2018	10702								UNSP 107029A	10.1117/12.2312700			13	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Optics	BL5TJ	WOS:000452664300239		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Cardellach, E; Wickert, J; Baggen, R; Benito, J; Camps, A; Catarino, N; Chapron, B; Dielacher, A; Fabra, F; Flato, G; Fragner, H; Gabarro, C; Gommenginger, C; Haas, C; Healy, S; Hernandez-Pajares, M; Hoeg, P; Jaggi, A; Kainulainen, J; Khan, SA; Lemke, NMK; Li, WQ; Nghiem, SV; Pierdicca, N; Portabella, M; Rautiainen, K; Rius, A; Sasgen, I; Semmling, M; Shum, CK; Soulat, F; Steiner, AK; Tailhades, S; Thomas, M; Vilaseca, R; Zuffada, C				Cardellach, Estel; Wickert, Jens; Baggen, Rens; Benito, Javier; Camps, Adriano; Catarino, Nuno; Chapron, Bertrand; Dielacher, Andreas; Fabra, Fran; Flato, Greg; Fragner, Heinrich; Gabarro, Carolina; Gommenginger, Christine; Haas, Christian; Healy, Sean; Hernandez-Pajares, Manuel; Hoeg, Per; Jaggi, Adrian; Kainulainen, Juha; Khan, Shfaqat Abbas; Lemke, Norbert M. K.; Li, Weiqiang; Nghiem, Son V.; Pierdicca, Nazzareno; Portabella, Marcos; Rautiainen, Kimmo; Rius, Antonio; Sasgen, Ingo; Semmling, Maximilian; Shum, C. K.; Soulat, Francois; Steiner, Andrea K.; Tailhades, Sebastien; Thomas, Maik; Vilaseca, Roger; Zuffada, Cinzia			GNSS Transpolar Earth Reflectometry exploriNg System (G-TERN): Mission Concept	IEEE ACCESS			English	Article						Polar science; GNSS; reflectometry; GNSS-R; sea ice; altimetry; polarimetry; radio-occultation; Low Earth Orbiter	GPS RADIO OCCULTATION; PRECISE ORBIT DETERMINATION; GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM; ELECTRON-DENSITY PROFILES; R OCEAN ALTIMETRY; SEA-ICE DETECTION; WIND-SPEED; REFLECTED SIGNALS; SPECIAL-ISSUE; SNOW DEPTH	The global navigation satellite system (GNSS) Transpolar Earth Reflectometry exploriNg system (G-TERN) was proposed in response to ESA's Earth Explorer 9 revised call by a team of 33 multi-disciplinary scientists. The primary objective of the mission is to quantify at high spatio-temporal resolution crucial characteristics, processes and interactions between sea ice, and other Earth system components in order to advance the understanding and prediction of climate change and its impacts on the environment and society. The objective is articulated through three key questions. 1) In a rapidly changing Arctic regime and under the resilient Antarctic sea ice trend, how will highly dynamic forcings and couplings between the various components of the ocean, atmosphere, and cryosphere modify or influence the processes governing the characteristics of the sea ice cover (ice production, growth, deformation, and melt)? 2) What are the impacts of extreme events and feedback mechanisms on sea ice evolution? 3) What are the effects of the cryosphere behaviors, either rapidly changing or resiliently stable, on the global oceanic and atmospheric circulation and mid-latitude extreme events? To contribute answering these questions, G-TERN will measure key parameters of the sea ice, the oceans, and the atmosphere with frequent and dense coverage over polar areas, becoming a "dynamic mapper" of the ice conditions, the ice production, and the loss in multiple time and space scales, and surrounding environment. Over polar areas, the G-DERN will measure sea ice surface elevation (<10 cm precision), roughness, and polarimetry aspects at 30-km resolution and 3-days full coverage. G-TERN will implement the interferometric GNSS reflectometry concept, from a single satellite in near-polar orbit with capability for 12 simultaneous observations. Unlike currently orbiting GNSS reflectometry missions, the G-TERN uses the full GNSS available bandwidth to improve its ranging measurements. The lifetime would be 2025-2030 or optimally 2025-2035, covering key stages of the transition toward a nearly ice-free Arctic Ocean in summer. This paper describes the mission objectives, it reviews its measurement techniques, summarizes the suggested implementation, and finally, it estimates the expected performance.	[Cardellach, Estel; Fabra, Fran; Li, Weiqiang; Rius, Antonio] CSIC, Inst Space Sci, Cerdanyola Del Valles 08193, Spain; [Wickert, Jens; Semmling, Maximilian; Thomas, Maik] GFZ German Res Ctr Geosci, D-14473 Potsdam, Germany; [Baggen, Rens] IMST GmbH, D-47475 Kamp Lintfort, Germany; [Benito, Javier] Airbus DS Space Syst Espana, Madrid 28022, Spain; [Camps, Adriano; Hernandez-Pajares, Manuel] UPC, IEEC, Barcelona 08034, Spain; [Catarino, Nuno] DEIMOS Engn, P-1998023 Lisbon, Portugal; [Chapron, Bertrand] IFREMER, F-29280 Plouzane, France; [Dielacher, Andreas; Fragner, Heinrich] RUAG Space GmbH, A-1120 Vienna, Austria; [Flato, Greg] Environm & Climate Change Canada, Victoria, BC V8P 5C2, Canada; [Gabarro, Carolina; Portabella, Marcos] Inst Ciencies Mar, Barcelona 08003, Spain; [Gabarro, Carolina; Portabella, Marcos] Barcelona Expert Ctr Remote Sensing, Barcelona 08003, Spain; [Gommenginger, Christine] Natl Oceanog Ctr, Southampton SO14 3ZH, Hants, England; [Haas, Christian; Sasgen, Ingo] Alfred Wegener Inst Polar & Marine Res, D-27570 Bremerhaven, Germany; [Healy, Sean] ECMWF, Reading RG2 9AX, Berks, England; [Hoeg, Per] Univ Oslo, Dept Phys, N-0371 Oslo, Norway; [Jaggi, Adrian] Univ Bern, Astron Inst, CH-3012 Bern, Switzerland; [Kainulainen, Juha] Harp Technol Oy, Espoo 02150, Finland; [Khan, Shfaqat Abbas] Tech Univ Denmark, Natl Space Inst, DK-2800 Lyngby, Denmark; [Lemke, Norbert M. K.; Tailhades, Sebastien] OHB Syst AG, D-82234 Weling Oberpfaffenhofen, Germany; [Nghiem, Son V.; Zuffada, Cinzia] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Pierdicca, Nazzareno] Univ Roma La Sapienza, Dept Informat Elect & Commun Engn, I-00185 Rome, Italy; [Rautiainen, Kimmo] Finnish Meteorol Inst, Helsinki 101, Finland; [Shum, C. K.] Ohio State Univ, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Soulat, Francois] Collecte Localisat Satellites SA, F-31520 Ramonville St Agne, France; [Steiner, Andrea K.] Karl Franzens Univ Graz, Wegener Ctr Climate & Global Change, A-8010 Graz, Austria; [Vilaseca, Roger] TRYO Grp, La Garriga 08530, Spain	Cardellach, E (corresponding author), CSIC, Inst Space Sci, Cerdanyola Del Valles 08193, Spain.	estel@ice.csic.es	Li, Weiqiang/B-8829-2017; Cardellach, Estel/C-9418-2012; Hoeg, Per/G-3537-2010; Hernandez-Pajares, Manuel/O-5338-2017; Rautiainen, Kimmo/B-4106-2018; Portabella, Marcos/A-9511-2015; Wickert, Jens/A-7257-2013; Rius, Antonio/AAU-1432-2020; Gabarro, Carolina/N-3526-2014; Fragner, Heinrich/AAH-6483-2020; Steiner, Andrea K/F-7980-2017; Khan, Shfaqat Abbas/B-2664-2012	Li, Weiqiang/0000-0002-6215-7607; Cardellach, Estel/0000-0001-8908-0972; Hoeg, Per/0000-0002-3172-5587; Hernandez-Pajares, Manuel/0000-0002-9687-5850; Rautiainen, Kimmo/0000-0003-0321-578X; Portabella, Marcos/0000-0002-9972-9090; Rius, Antonio/0000-0002-5947-2649; Gabarro, Carolina/0000-0003-0004-1964; Steiner, Andrea K/0000-0003-1201-3303; Shum, C. K./0000-0001-9378-4067; Khan, Shfaqat Abbas/0000-0002-2689-8563	Specific Expedition Budget of GFZ; NASA Cryospheric Sciences ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); NASA Land Cover and Land Use Change ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA);  [ESP2015-70014-C2-2-R];  [ESP2015-70014-C2-1-R]	This work was supported in part by the Spanish under Grant ESP2015-70014-C2-2-R and Grant ESP2015-70014-C2-1-R and in part by the Specific Expedition Budget of GFZ. The work of S. V. Nghiem was supported in part by the NASA Cryospheric Sciences Program and in part by the NASA Land Cover and Land Use Change Program.		203	30	30	2	10	IEEE-INST ELECTRICAL ELECTRONICS ENGINEERS INC	PISCATAWAY	445 HOES LANE, PISCATAWAY, NJ 08855-4141 USA	2169-3536			IEEE ACCESS	IEEE Access		2018	6						13980	14018		10.1109/ACCESS.2018.2814072			39	Computer Science, Information Systems; Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Telecommunications	Computer Science; Engineering; Telecommunications	GB7FG	WOS:000429239700001		DOAJ Gold, Green Published, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Bindlish, R; Cosh, MH; Jackson, TJ; Koike, T; Fujii, H; Chan, SK; Asanuma, J; Berg, A; Bosch, DD; Caldwell, T; Collins, CH; McNairn, H; Martinez-Fernandez, J; Prueger, J; Rowlandson, T; Seyfried, M; Starks, P; Thibeault, M; Van der Velde, R; Walker, JP; Coopersmith, EJ				Bindlish, Rajat; Cosh, Michael H.; Jackson, Thomas J.; Koike, Toshio; Fujii, Hideyuki; Chan, Steven K.; Asanuma, Jun; Berg, Aaron; Bosch, D. David; Caldwell, Todd; Collins, Chandra Holifield; McNairn, Heather; Martinez-Fernandez, Jose; Prueger, John; Rowlandson, Tracy; Seyfried, Mark; Starks, Patrick; Thibeault, Marc; Van der Velde, R.; Walker, Jeffrey P.; Coopersmith, Evan J.			GCOM-W AMSR2 Soil Moisture Product Validation Using Core Validation Sites	IEEE JOURNAL OF SELECTED TOPICS IN APPLIED EARTH OBSERVATIONS AND REMOTE SENSING			English	Article						In situ networks; passive microwave; soil moisture; validation	MICROWAVE EMISSION; ALGORITHM	The Advanced microwave scanning radiometer 2 (AMSR2) is part of the global change observationmission-water (GCOM-W). AMSR2 has filled the gap in passive microwave observations left by the loss of the AMSR-earth observing system (AMSR-E) after almost ten years of observations. Both missions provide brightness temperature observations that are used to retrieve soil moisture estimates at the near surface. A merged AMSR-E and AMSR2 data product will help build a consistent long-term dataset; however, before this can be done, it is necessary to conduct a thorough validation and assessment of the AMSR2 soil moisture products. This study focuses on the validation of the AMSR2 soil moisture products by comparison with in situ reference data from a set of core validation sites around the world. A total of three soil moisture products that rely on different algorithms were evaluated; the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) soil moisture algorithm, the land parameter retrieval model (LPRM), and the single channel algorithm (SCA). JAXA, SCA, and LPRM soil moisture estimates capture the overall climatological features. The spatial features of the three products have similar overall spatial structure. The JAXA soil moisture product shows a lower dynamic range in the retrieved soil moisture with a satisfactory performance matrix when compared to in situ observations [unbiased root mean square error (ubRMSE) = 0.059 m(3)/m(3), Bias = -0.083 m(3)/m(3), R = 0.465]. The SCA performs well over low and moderately vegetated areas (ubRMSE = 0.053 m(3)/m(3), Bias=-0.039 m(3)/m(3), R = 0.549). The LPRM product has a large dynamic range compared to in situ observations with a wet bias (ubRMSE = 0.094 m(3)/m(3), Bias = 0.091 m(3)/m(3), R = 0.577). Some of the error is due to the difference in observation depth between the in situ sensors (5 cm) and satellite estimates (1 cm). Results indicate that overall the JAXA and SCA have the best performance based upon the metrics considered.	[Bindlish, Rajat] NASA Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Cosh, Michael H.; Jackson, Thomas J.] ARS, USDA, Hydrol & Remote Sensing Lab, Beltsville, MD 20705 USA; [Koike, Toshio] Univ Tokyo, Tokyo 1138654, Japan; [Koike, Toshio] Univ Tokyo, Dept Civil Engn, Tokyo 1138654, Japan; [Fujii, Hideyuki] Remote Sensing Technol Ctr Japan, Tokyo 1138654, Japan; [Chan, Steven K.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Hydrol, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Asanuma, Jun] Univ Tsukuba, Terr Environm Res Ctr, Tsukuba, Ibaraki 3058571, Japan; [Berg, Aaron; Rowlandson, Tracy] Univ Guelph, Dept Geog, Guelph, ON N1G 2W1, Canada; [Bosch, D. David] ARS, USDA, Southeast Watershed Res Ctr, Tifton, GA 31793 USA; [Caldwell, Todd] Univ Texas Austin, Bur Econ Geol, Jackson Sch Geosci, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Collins, Chandra Holifield] ARS, USDA, Southwest Watershed Res Ctr, Tucson, AZ 85719 USA; [McNairn, Heather] Agr & Agri Food Canada, Ottawa, ON K1A 0C5, Canada; [Martinez-Fernandez, Jose] Univ Salamanca, Dept Geog, E-37008 Salamanca, Spain; [Prueger, John] ARS, USDA, Natl Lab Agr & Environm, Ames, IA 50011 USA; [Seyfried, Mark] ARS, USDA, Northwest Watershed Res Ctr, Boise, ID 83712 USA; [Starks, Patrick] ARS, USDA, Grazinglands Res Lab, El Reno, OK 73036 USA; [Thibeault, Marc] CONAE, C1063ACH, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Van der Velde, R.] Univ Twente, Water Resources Dept, Fac Geoinformat Sci & Earth Observat, NL-7522 NB Enschede, Netherlands; [Walker, Jeffrey P.] Monash Univ, Dept Civil Engn, Clayton, Vic 3800, Australia; [Coopersmith, Evan J.] Soil Insight LLC, Chicago, IL 62685 USA	Bindlish, R (corresponding author), NASA Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA.	rajat.bindlish@nasa.gov; Michael.Cosh@ars.usda.gov; tom.jackson@ars.usda.gov; koike@icharm.go.jp; fujii_hideyuki@restec.or.jp; steventsz.k.chan@jpl.nasa.gov; asanuma@ied.tsukuba.ac.jp; aberg@uoguelph.ca; david.bosch@ars.usda.gov; todd.caldwell@beg.utexas.edu; chandra.holifield@ars.usda.gov; heather.mcnairn@agr.gc.ca; jmf@usal.es; john.prueger@ars.usda.gov; trowland@uoguelph.ca; mark.seyfried@ars.usda.gov; patrick.starks@ars.usda.gov; mthibeault@conae.gov.ar; r.vandervelde@utwente.nl; jeff.walker@monash.edu; ecooper2@gmail.com	Koike, Toshio/AAC-8548-2020; Asanuma, J/A-2877-2008; Martinez-Fernandez, Jose/B-3877-2012; Caldwell, Todd G./H-5129-2011; Chan, Steven Tsz K./AAJ-2573-2020	Asanuma, J/0000-0003-1258-5491; Martinez-Fernandez, Jose/0000-0003-0446-9693; Caldwell, Todd G./0000-0003-4068-0648; Chan, Steven Tsz K./0000-0001-6731-0079; Berg, Aaron/0000-0001-8438-5662; Walker, Jeffrey/0000-0002-4817-2712; Bosch, David/0000-0001-9021-8705; Bindlish, Rajat/0000-0002-1913-0353				39	14	14	1	15	IEEE-INST ELECTRICAL ELECTRONICS ENGINEERS INC	PISCATAWAY	445 HOES LANE, PISCATAWAY, NJ 08855-4141 USA	1939-1404	2151-1535		IEEE J-STARS	IEEE J. Sel. Top. Appl. Earth Observ. Remote Sens.	JAN	2018	11	1					209	219		10.1109/JSTARS.2017.2754293			11	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic; Geography, Physical; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Engineering; Physical Geography; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	FT2DV	WOS:000422950700018					2020-09-09	
J	You, PC; Pang, J; Young, E				You, Pengcheng; Pang, John; Young, Enoch			Deep Koopman Controller Synthesis for Cyber-Resilient Market-Based Frequency Regulation	IFAC PAPERSONLINE			English	Proceedings Paper	10th IFAC Symposium on Control of Power and Energy Systems (CPES)	SEP 04-06, 2018	Meiji Univ, Nakano Campus, Tokyo, JAPAN	Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 6 3 Power & Energy Syst, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 1 5 Networked Syst, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 3 3 Telemat Control Commun Networks, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 4 5 Human Machine Syst, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 5 4 Large Scale Complex Syst, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 6 1 Chem Proc Control, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 6 2 Mining Mineral & Metal Proc, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 6 4 Fault Detect Supervis Safety Tech Proc SAFEPROCESS, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 7 2 Marine Syst, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 7 4 Transportat Syst, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 7 5 Intelligent Autonomous Vehicles, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 8 3 Modeling & Control Environm Syst, Int Federat Automat Control Tech Comm 9 3 Control Smart Cities	Meiji Univ, Nakano Campus	Market-based frequency regulation; input-Koopman operator; data-driven controller synthesis; dynamic feedback control; cyber-security; price spoofing	STABILITY; SYSTEMS	This paper investigates a data-driven countermeasure for price spoofing in the context of cyber security and market-based frequency regulation. Market-based control of transmission power networks relies on cyber-physical infrastructure, which raises questions of system vulnerability in relation to cyber-security. In this paper, we consider the challenge of engineering a robust data-driven controller in the presence of price spoofing, i.e. where hacking mechanisms adjust price signals in an ex-post market. We extend a recently developed algorithm called deep dynamic mode decomposition to learn Koopman operators of nonlinear systems with affine inputs. Based on the learned input-Koopman operator model, a design algorithm for nonlinear controller synthesis is devised to compute optimal dynamic pricing policies that restore the nominal frequency and recover economic efficiency in the presence of price spoofing. The efficacy of the proposed data-driven Koopman controller synthesis approach is validated through tests on a IEEE 39-bus benchmark. (C) 2018, IFAC (International Federation of Automatic Control) Hosting by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	[You, Pengcheng] Zhejiang Univ, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, Peoples R China; [Pang, John] Caltech, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Young, Enoch] Pacific Northwest Natl Lab, Richland, WA 99352 USA	You, PC (corresponding author), Zhejiang Univ, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, Peoples R China.	pcyou@zju.edu.cn; jzpang@caltech.edu; enoch.yeung@pnnl.gov						21	1	1	0	2	ELSEVIER SCIENCE BV	AMSTERDAM	PO BOX 211, 1000 AE AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS	2405-8963			IFAC PAPERSONLINE	IFAC PAPERSONLINE		2018	51	28					720	725		10.1016/j.ifacol.2018.11.790			6			HE1NK	WOS:000453038500124		Bronze			2020-09-09	
S	Ting, DZ; Soibel, A; Khoshakhlagh, A; Keo, SA; Rafol, SB; Fisher, AM; Pepper, BJ; Luong, EM; Hill, CJ; Gunapala, SD		Andresen, BF; Fulop, GF; Hanson, CM; Miller, JL; Norton, PR		Ting, David Z.; Soibel, Alexander; Khoshakhlagh, Arezou; Keo, Sam A.; Rafol, Sir B.; Fisher, Anita M.; Pepper, Brian J.; Luong, Edward M.; Hill, Cory J.; Gunapala, Sarath D.			Antimonide e-SWIR, MWIR, and LWIR barrier infrared detector and focal plane array development	INFRARED TECHNOLOGY AND APPLICATIONS XLIV	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Infrared Technology and Applications XLIV	APR 16-19, 2018	Orlando, FL	SPIE		infrared detector; unipolar barrier; type-II superlattice; III-V semiconductor	WAVELENGTH; PHOTODIODES; INAS/GASB	The unipolar barrier photodetector architecture such as the nBn provides an effective means for lowering generationrecombination dark current by suppressing Shockley-Read-Hall processes, and for reducing surface leakage dark current. This has been especially beneficial for III-V semiconductor based infrared photodiodes, which traditionally tend to suffer from excess depletion dark current and the lack of good surface passivation. Advances in bulk and typeII superlattice infrared absorber materials have provided continuously adjustable cutoff wavelength span ranging from 2 to 14 mu m and beyond, greatly expanding the limited coverage provided by traditional bulk III-V infrared detectors based on InGaAs and InSb. In this work we discuss recent developments of antimonide-based extended-SWIR, MWIR, and LWIR detectors and focal plane arrays at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory.	[Ting, David Z.; Soibel, Alexander; Khoshakhlagh, Arezou; Keo, Sam A.; Rafol, Sir B.; Fisher, Anita M.; Pepper, Brian J.; Luong, Edward M.; Hill, Cory J.; Gunapala, Sarath D.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Ctr Infrared Photodetectors, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Ting, DZ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Ctr Infrared Photodetectors, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.		Hill, Cory J./AAP-7742-2020					55	1	1	8	27	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1760-5	PROC SPIE			2018	10624								UNSP 1062410	10.1117/12.2305248			8	Optics; Physics, Applied	Optics; Physics	BL6BD	WOS:000453081800030					2020-09-09	
S	Jow, TR; Delp, SA; Allen, JL; Jones, JP; Smartt, MC		Shaffer, EC; Zheleva, TS		Jow, T. Richard; Delp, Samuel A.; Allen, Jan L.; Jones, John-Paul; Smartt, Marshall C.			Factors Limiting Li+ Charge Transfer Kinetics in Li-ion Batteries	INNOVATIONS IN ARMY ENERGY AND POWER MATERIALS TECHNOLOGIES	Materials Research Foundations		English	Article; Book Chapter						Lithium-Ion Charge Transfer Kinetics; Limiting Factor; De-Solvation; SEI; Lithium-Ion Batteries	LOW-TEMPERATURE; ELECTROLYTES; INTERFACE; CONDUCTIVITY; LIQUID; GRAPHITE; BEHAVIOR; FEPO4	Understanding the factors limiting Li+ charge transfer kinetics in Li-ion batteries is essential in improving the rate performance, especially at lower temperatures. The Li+ charge transfer process involved in the lithium intercalation of graphite anode includes the step of de-solvation of the solvated Li+ in the liquid electrolyte and the step of transport of Li+ in the preformed solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) on electrodes until the Li+ accepts an electron at the electrode and becomes a Li in the electrode. Whether the de-solvation process or the Li+ transport through the SEI is a limiting step depends on the nature of the interphases at the electrode and electrolyte interfaces. Several examples involving the electrode materials such as graphite, lithium titanate (LTO), lithium iron phosphate (LFP), lithium nickel cobalt aluminum oxide (NCA) and solid Li+ conductor such as lithium lanthanum titanate or Li-Al-Ti-phosphate are reviewed and discussed to clarify the conditions at which either the de-solvation or the transport of Li+ in SEI is dominating and how the electrolyte components affect the activation energy of Li+ charge transfer kinetics. How the electrolyte additives impact the Li+ charge transfer kinetics at both the anode and the cathode has been examined at the same time in 3-electrode full cells. The resulting impact on Li+ charge transfer resistance, Itc and activation energy, Ea, at both electrodes are reported and discussed.	[Jow, T. Richard; Delp, Samuel A.; Allen, Jan L.] US Army Res Lab, Adelphi, MD 20783 USA; [Jones, John-Paul; Smartt, Marshall C.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Jow, TR (corresponding author), US Army Res Lab, Adelphi, MD 20783 USA.	t.r.jow.civ@mail.mil						39	5	5	4	7	MATERIALS RESEARCH FORUM LLC	MILLERSVILLE	105 SPRINGDALE LN, MILLERSVILLE, PA 17551 USA	2471-8890	2471-8904	978-1-945291-78-4	MATER RES FOUND			2018	36						83	103		10.1149/2.1221802jes			21	Electrochemistry; Energy & Fuels; Materials Science, Multidisciplinary	Electrochemistry; Energy & Fuels; Materials Science	BK9SE	WOS:000444921900004					2020-09-09	
J	Kettenbeil, C; Ravichandran, G				Kettenbeil, Christian; Ravichandran, Guruswami			Experimental investigation of the dynamic behavior of metaconcrete	INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF IMPACT ENGINEERING			English	Article						Metamaterials; Stress wave attenuation; Concrete; Plate impact experiments; High-speed photography	WAVE; PROPAGATION; CRYSTALS; PHYSICS; CLOAK	A study investigating the dynamic material behavior of a new type of heterogeneous composite called meta concrete is presented. Instead of sand, stone and gravel in a conventional concrete, the metaconcrete mortar is filled with heavy, spherical aggregates that are encapsulated in a soft coating. This locally resonant metamaterial exhibits band gaps that lead to the attenuation of applied stress waves at the inclusion's eigenfrequencies. Plate impact experiments are conducted to investigate the viability of the underlying physical concepts for the attenuation of stress waves. To reduce the effects of porosity and inhomogeneity, the mortar material is substituted by an epoxy matrix and a lead core encapsulated in polyurethane serves as the aggregate. Strain gauges applied between the aggregates on the specimen surface are used to evaluate the performance of the metaconcrete microstructure. Initial conditions were varied with respect to impact velocities (18 m/s-100 m/s) and flyer plate thickness (0.8 mm-25.4 mm) to study the dependence of the attenuation properties for a range of impact configurations. Moreover, the resonant frequency of the aggregates was measured using high-speed photography and digital image correlation (DIC) and shown to be in good agreement with analytical predictions. The metaconcrete microstructure lead to a reduction in maximum strain of up to 72% compared to a homogeneous epoxy specimen, showing the potential for metaconcrete to be used in damage mitigation of structures subjected to dynamic stress wave loading.	[Kettenbeil, Christian; Ravichandran, Guruswami] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Kettenbeil, C (corresponding author), CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	ckb@caltech.edu			Air Force Office of Scientific Research Grant through the University Center of Excellence in High-Rate Deformation Physics of Heterogeneous MaterialsUnited States Department of DefenseAir Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR) [FA9550-12-1-0091]	We gratefully acknowledge the support from the Air Force Office of Scientific Research Grant No. FA9550-12-1-0091 through the University Center of Excellence in High-Rate Deformation Physics of Heterogeneous Materials. The present study was inspired by the works of Stephanie Mitchell, Anna Pandolfi and Michael Ortiz on concrete [3,4,31,32]. Moreover, the authors wish to thank Dr. Owen Kingstedt and Dr. Michael Mello for their help in preparing this manuscript.		32	8	9	4	36	PERGAMON-ELSEVIER SCIENCE LTD	OXFORD	THE BOULEVARD, LANGFORD LANE, KIDLINGTON, OXFORD OX5 1GB, ENGLAND	0734-743X	1879-3509		INT J IMPACT ENG	Int. J. Impact Eng.	JAN	2018	111						199	207		10.1016/j.ijimpeng.2017.09.017			9	Engineering, Mechanical; Mechanics	Engineering; Mechanics	FP5NU	WOS:000417667000018					2020-09-09	
J	Branson, S; Wegner, JD; Hall, D; Lang, N; Schindler, K; Perona, P				Branson, Steve; Wegner, Jan Dirk; Hall, David; Lang, Nico; Schindler, Konrad; Perona, Pietro			From Google Maps to a fine-grained catalog of street trees	ISPRS JOURNAL OF PHOTOGRAMMETRY AND REMOTE SENSING			English	Article						Deep learning; Image interpretation; Urban areas; Street trees; Very high resolution	SPECIES CLASSIFICATION; RECOGNITION; LEAF; EXTRACTION; FOREST; SCALE; SHAPE	Up-to-date catalogs of the urban tree population are of importance for municipalities to monitor and improve quality of life in cities. Despite much research on automation of tree mapping, mainly relying on dedicated airborne LiDAR or hyperspectral campaigns, tree detection and species recognition is still mostly done manually in practice. We present a fully automated tree detection and species recognition pipeline that can process thousands of trees within a few hours using publicly available aerial and street view images of Google Maps (TM). These data provide rich information from different viewpoints and at different scales from global tree shapes to bark textures. Our work-flow is built around a supervised classification that automatically learns the most discriminative features from thousands of trees and corresponding, publicly available tree inventory data. In addition, we introduce a change tracker that recognizes changes of individual trees at city-scale, which is essential to keep an urban tree inventory up-to-date. The system takes street-level images of the same tree location at two different times and classifies the type of change (e.g., tree has been removed). Drawing on recent advances in computer vision and machine learning, we apply convolutional neural networks (CNN) for all classification tasks. We propose the following pipeline: download all available panoramas and overhead images of an area of interest, detect trees per image and combine multi-view detections in a probabilistic framework, adding prior knowledge; recognize fine-grained species of detected trees. In a later, separate module, track trees over time, detect significant changes and classify the type of change. We believe this is the first work to exploit publicly available image data for city-scale street tree detection, species recognition and change tracking, exhaustively over several square kilometers, respectively many thousands of trees. Experiments in the city of Pasadena, California, USA show that we can detect >70% of the street trees, assign correct species to >80% for 40 different species, and correctly detect and classify changes in >90% of the cases. (C) 2017 International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing, Inc. (ISPRS). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.	[Branson, Steve; Hall, David; Perona, Pietro] CALTECH, Computat Vis Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wegner, Jan Dirk; Lang, Nico; Schindler, Konrad] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Photogrammetry & Remote Sensing, Zurich, Switzerland	Wegner, JD (corresponding author), Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Photogrammetry & Remote Sensing, Zurich, Switzerland.	jan.wegner@geod.baug.ethz.ch						68	19	19	3	51	ELSEVIER	AMSTERDAM	RADARWEG 29, 1043 NX AMSTERDAM, NETHERLANDS	0924-2716	1872-8235		ISPRS J PHOTOGRAMM	ISPRS-J. Photogramm. Remote Sens.	JAN	2018	135						13	30		10.1016/j.isprsjprs.2017.11.008			18	Geography, Physical; Geosciences, Multidisciplinary; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Physical Geography; Geology; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	FU5LV	WOS:000423895100002		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Wang, JJ; Perrin, MD; Savransky, D; Arriaga, P; Chilcote, JK; De Rosa, RJ; Millar-Blanchaer, MA; Marois, C; Rameau, J; Wolff, SG; Shapiro, J; Ruffio, JB; Maire, J; Marchis, F; Graham, JR; Macintosh, B; Ammons, SM; Bailey, VP; Barman, TS; Bruzzone, S; Bulger, J; Cotten, T; Doyon, R; Duchene, G; Fitzgerald, MP; Follette, KB; Goodsell, S; Greenbaum, AZ; Hibon, P; Hung, LW; Ingraham, P; Kalas, P; Konopacky, QM; Larkin, JE; Marley, MS; Metchev, S; Nielsen, EL; Oppenheimer, R; Palmer, DW; Patience, J; Poyneer, LA; Pueyo, L; Rajan, A; Rantakyro, FT; Schneider, AC; Sivaramakrishnan, A; Song, I; Soummer, R; Thomas, S; Wallace, JK; Ward-Duong, K; Wiktorowicz, SJ				Wang, Jason J.; Perrin, Marshall D.; Savransky, Dmitry; Arriaga, Pauline; Chilcote, Jeffrey K.; De Rosa, Robert J.; Millar-Blanchaer, Maxwell A.; Marois, Christian; Rameau, Julien; Wolff, Schuyler G.; Shapiro, Jacob; Ruffio, Jean-Baptiste; Maire, Jerome; Marchis, Franck; Graham, James R.; Macintosh, Bruce; Ammons, S. Mark; Bailey, Vanessa P.; Barman, Travis S.; Bruzzone, Sebastian; Bulger, Joanna; Cotten, Tara; Doyon, Rene; Duchene, Gaspard; Fitzgerald, Michael P.; Follette, Katherine B.; Goodsell, Stephen; Greenbaum, Alexandra Z.; Hibon, Pascale; Hung, Li-Wei; Ingraham, Patrick; Kalas, Paul; Konopacky, Quinn M.; Larkin, James E.; Marley, Mark S.; Metchev, Stanimir; Nielsen, Eric L.; Oppenheimer, Rebecca; Palmer, David W.; Patience, Jennifer; Poyneer, Lisa A.; Pueyo, Laurent; Rajan, Abhijith; Rantakyro, Fredrik T.; Schneider, Adam C.; Sivaramakrishnan, Anand; Song, Inseok; Soummer, Remi; Thomas, Sandrine; Wallace, J. Kent; Ward-Duong, Kimberly; Wiktorowicz, Sloane J.			Automated data processing architecture for the Gemini Planet Imager Exoplanet Survey	JOURNAL OF ASTRONOMICAL TELESCOPES INSTRUMENTS AND SYSTEMS			English	Article						high contrast imaging; exoplanets; circumstellar disks; data processing; Gemini planet imager; Data Cruncher	PERFORMANCE; PHOTOMETRY; ASTROMETRY	The Gemini Planet Imager Exoplanet Survey (GPIES) is a multiyear direct imaging survey of 600 stars to discover and characterize young Jovian exoplanets and their environments. We have developed an automated data architecture to process and index all data related to the survey uniformly. An automated and flexible data processing framework, which we term the Data Cruncher, combines multiple data reduction pipelines (DRPs) together to process all spectroscopic, polarimetric, and calibration data taken with GPIES. With no human intervention, fully reduced and calibrated data products are available less than an hour after the data are taken to expedite follow up on potential objects of interest. The Data Cruncher can run on a supercomputer to reprocess all GPIES data in a single day as improvements are made to our DRPs. A backend MySQL database indexes all files, which are synced to the cloud, and a front-end web server allows for easy browsing of all files associated with GPIES. To help observers, quicklook displays show reduced data as they are processed in real time, and chatbots on Slack post observing information as well as reduced data products. Together, the GPIES automated data processing architecture reduces our workload, provides real-time data reduction, optimizes our observing strategy, and maintains a homogeneously reduced dataset to study planet occurrence and instrument performance. (c) 2018 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE)	[Wang, Jason J.; De Rosa, Robert J.; Graham, James R.; Duchene, Gaspard; Kalas, Paul] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, Berkeley, CA USA; [Perrin, Marshall D.; Pueyo, Laurent; Rajan, Abhijith; Sivaramakrishnan, Anand; Soummer, Remi] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Savransky, Dmitry; Shapiro, Jacob] Cornell Univ, Sibley Sch Mech & Aerosp Engn, Ithaca, NY 14853 USA; [Arriaga, Pauline; Fitzgerald, Michael P.] UCLA, Dept Phys & Astron, Los Angeles, CA USA; [Chilcote, Jeffrey K.; Ruffio, Jean-Baptiste; Macintosh, Bruce; Bailey, Vanessa P.; Nielsen, Eric L.] Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Chilcote, Jeffrey K.] Univ Toronto, Dunlap Inst Astron & Astrophys, Toronto, ON, Canada; [Chilcote, Jeffrey K.] Univ Notre Dame, Dept Phys, Notre Dame, IN USA; [Millar-Blanchaer, Maxwell A.; Wallace, J. Kent] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Marois, Christian] Natl Res Council Canada Herzberg, Victoria, BC, Canada; [Marois, Christian] Univ Victoria, Phys & Astron Dept, Victoria, BC, Canada; [Rameau, Julien] Univ Montreal, Inst Rech Exoplanetes, Dept Phys, Montreal, PQ, Canada; [Rameau, Julien] Johns Hopkins Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Maire, Jerome; Doyon, Rene; Konopacky, Quinn M.] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Marchis, Franck; Nielsen, Eric L.] Carl Sagan Ctr, SETI Inst, Mountain View, CA USA; [Ammons, S. Mark] Lawrence Livermore Natl Lab, Livermore, CA USA; [Barman, Travis S.] Univ Arizona, Lunar & Planetary Lab, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Bruzzone, Sebastian] Univ Western Ontario, Dept Phys & Astron, Ctr Planetary Sci & Explorat, London, ON, Canada; [Bulger, Joanna] NAOJ, Subaru Telescope, Hilo, HI USA; [Cotten, Tara] Univ Georgia, Dept Phys & Astron, Athens, GA 30602 USA; [Duchene, Gaspard] Univ Grenoble Alpes, IPAG, CNRS, Grenoble, France; [Follette, Katherine B.] Merrill Sci Ctr, Amherst Coll, Dept Phys & Astron, Amherst, MA USA; [Goodsell, Stephen] Gemini Observ, Hilo, HI USA; [Greenbaum, Alexandra Z.] Univ Michigan, Dept Astron, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Hibon, Pascale] European Southern Observ, Santiago, Chile; [Hung, Li-Wei] Natl Pk Serv, Nat Sounds & Night Skies Div, Ft Collins, CO USA; [Ingraham, Patrick] Large Synopt Survey Telescope, Tucson, AZ USA; [Marley, Mark S.] NASA, Ames Res Ctr, Div Space Sci, Moffett Field, CA 94035 USA; [Metchev, Stanimir] SUNY Stony Brook, Dept Phys & Astron, Stony Brook, NY 11794 USA; [Oppenheimer, Rebecca] Amer Museum Nat Hist, Dept Astrophys, New York, NY 10024 USA; [Patience, Jennifer; Schneider, Adam C.; Ward-Duong, Kimberly] Arizona State Univ, Sch Earth & Space Explorat, Tempe, AZ USA; [Wiktorowicz, Sloane J.] Aerosp Corp, El Segundo, CA 90245 USA	Wang, JJ (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, Berkeley, CA USA.	j-wang@berkeley.edu	Bailey, Vanessa P/H-2247-2018; Savransky, Dmitry/M-1298-2014; Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020; Fitzgerald, Michael/C-2642-2009	Bailey, Vanessa P/0000-0002-5407-2806; Savransky, Dmitry/0000-0002-8711-7206; Perrin, Marshall/0000-0002-3191-8151; Metchev, Stanimir/0000-0003-3050-8203; Fitzgerald, Michael/0000-0002-0176-8973; Kalas, Paul/0000-0002-6221-5360; Wang, Jason/0000-0003-0774-6502	NASA's NExSS program [NNX15AD95G]; Office of Science of the U.S. Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-AC02-05CH11231]; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [ACI-1548562]; NASA through Hubble Fellowship - Space Telescope Science Institute [51378.01-A]; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NAS5-26555]; U.S. Department of Energy by Lawrence Livermore National LaboratoryUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-AC52-07NA27344]	The Gemini Observatory is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc., under a cooperative agreement with the NSF on behalf of the Gemini partnership: the National Science Foundation (United States), the National Research Council (Canada), CONICYT (Chile), the Australian Research Council (Australia), Ministerio da Ciencia, Tecnologia e Inovacao (Brazil), and Ministerio de Ciencia, Tecnologia e Innovacion Productiva (Argentina). This work was supported in part by the NASA's NExSS program, Grant No. NNX15AD95G. This research used resources of the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center, a DOE Office of Science User Facility supported by the Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy under Contract No. DE-AC02-05CH11231. This work used the Extreme Science and Engineering Discovery Environment (XSEDE), which is supported by National Science Foundation Grant No. ACI-1548562. Support for MMB's work was provided by NASA through Hubble Fellowship Grant #51378.01-A awarded by the Space Telescope Science Institute, which is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc., for NASA, under Contract No. NAS5-26555. Portions of this work were performed under the auspices of the U.S. Department of Energy by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory under Contract No. DE-AC52-07NA27344. We thank the two anonymous referees for their thorough review and suggestions. We thank the NERSC and SDSC staff for their helpful support in providing computational resources and technical help. We also thank Barry Mieny for granting us permission to use the database icon used in Fig. 1. This research made use of astropy, a community-developed core Python package for astronomy.<SUP>34</SUP>		34	13	13	0	10	SPIE-SOC PHOTO-OPTICAL INSTRUMENTATION ENGINEERS	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98225 USA	2329-4124	2329-4221		J ASTRON TELESC INST	J. Astron. Telesc. Instrum. Syst.	JAN	2018	4	1							018002	10.1117/1.JATIS.4.1.018002			14	Engineering, Aerospace; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Engineering; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	GC1UW	WOS:000429569000037		Green Published			2020-09-09	
J	Wang, Y; Jiang, JH; Su, H; Choi, YS; Huang, L; Guo, JP; Yung, YL				Wang, Yuan; Jiang, Jonathan H.; Su, Hui; Choi, Yong-Sang; Huang, Lei; Guo, Jianping; Yung, Yuk L.			Elucidating the Role of Anthropogenic Aerosols in Arctic Sea Ice Variations	JOURNAL OF CLIMATE			English	Article							GREENHOUSE-GAS; POLAR AMPLIFICATION; CLIMATE MODELS; AIR-POLLUTION; REPRESENTATION; FEEDBACKS; EMISSIONS; RESPONSES	Observations show that the Arctic sea ice cover has been shrinking at an unprecedented rate since the 1970s. Even though the accumulation of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere has been closely linked with the loss of Arctic sea ice, the role of atmospheric aerosols in past and future Arctic climate change remains elusive. Using a state-of-the-art fully coupled climate model, the authors assess the equilibrium responses of the Arctic sea ice to the different aerosol emission scenarios and investigate the pathways by which aerosols impose their influence in the Arctic. These sensitivity experiments show that the impacts of aerosol pertur-bations on the pace of sea ice melt effectively modulate the ocean circulation and atmospheric feedbacks. Because of the contrasting evolutions of particulate pollution in the developed and developing countries since the 1970s, the opposite aerosol forcings from different midlatitude regions are nearly canceled out in the Arctic during the boreal summer, resulting in a muted aerosol effect on the recent sea ice changes. Consequently, the greenhouse forcing alone can largely explain the observed Arctic sea ice loss up to the present. In the next few decades, the projected alleviation of particulate pollution in the Northern Hemisphere can contribute up to 20% of the total Arctic sea ice loss and 0.7 degrees C surface warming over the Arctic. The authors' model simulations further show that aerosol microphysical effects on the Arctic clouds are the major component in the total aerosol radiative forcing over the Arctic. Compared to the aerosol-induced energy imbalance in lower latitudes outside the Arctic, the local radiative forcing by aerosol variations within the Arctic, due to either local emissions or long-range transports, is more efficient in determining the sea ice changes and Arctic climate change.	[Wang, Yuan; Yung, Yuk L.] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wang, Yuan; Jiang, Jonathan H.; Su, Hui; Choi, Yong-Sang; Huang, Lei; Yung, Yuk L.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Choi, Yong-Sang] Ewha Womans Univ, Dept Environm Sci & Engn, Seoul, South Korea; [Huang, Lei] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Joint Inst Reg Earth Syst Sci & Engn, Los Angeles, CA USA; [Guo, Jianping] Chinese Acad Meteorol Sci, State Key Lab Severe Weather, Beijing, Peoples R China	Wang, Y (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Wang, Y (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	yuan.wang@caltech.edu	Guo, Jianping/K-1497-2017; Guo, Jianping/A-2378-2019; Wang, Yuan/A-5816-2013	Guo, Jianping/0000-0001-8530-8976; Guo, Jianping/0000-0001-8530-8976; Wang, Yuan/0000-0001-6657-8401	NASA ROSES14-ACMAP project [NNH14ZDA001N-ACMAP]; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); Korea Ministry of Environment (MOE) under Public Technology Program based on Environmental Policy [2017000160003]; NSF Division of Atmospheric and Geospace Sciences [1700727]	The authors appreciate the funding support by the NASA ROSES14-ACMAP project (NNH14ZDA001N-ACMAP). The research was primarily carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Y.-S. Choi is supported by the Korea Ministry of Environment (MOE) under the Public Technology Program based on Environmental Policy (2017000160003). Y. L. Yung received support from the NSF Division of Atmospheric and Geospace Sciences (1700727). All model results are stored at a JPL cluster and available upon request. Please contact YuanWang (yuan.wang@caltech.edu) to access the modeling data. The transient simulations from the CESM Large Ensemble Community Project are publicly available (http://www.cesm.ucar.edu/projects/community-projects/LENS/).		59	12	12	0	19	AMER METEOROLOGICAL SOC	BOSTON	45 BEACON ST, BOSTON, MA 02108-3693 USA	0894-8755	1520-0442		J CLIMATE	J. Clim.	JAN	2018	31	1					99	114		10.1175/JCLI-D-17-0287.1			16	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences	Meteorology & Atmospheric Sciences	GC1GN	WOS:000429528800006		Bronze			2020-09-09	
J	An, FP; Balantekin, AB; Band, HR; Bishai, M; Blyth, S; Cao, D; Cao, GF; Cao, J; Chan, YL; Chang, JF; Chang, Y; Chen, HS; Chen, QY; Chen, SM; Chen, YX; Chen, Y; Cheng, J; Cheng, ZK; Cherwinka, JJ; Chu, MC; Chukanov, A; Cummings, JP; Ding, YY; Diwan, MV; Dolgareva, M; Dove, J; Dwyer, DA; Edwards, WR; Gill, R; Gonchar, M; Gong, GH; Gong, H; Grassi, M; Gu, WQ; Guo, L; Guo, XH; Guo, YH; Guo, Z; Hackenburg, RW; Hans, S; He, M; Heeger, KM; Heng, YK; Higuera, A; Hsiung, YB; Hu, BZ; Hu, T; Huang, EC; Huang, HX; Huang, XT; Huber, P; Huo, W; Hussain, G; Jaffe, DE; Jen, KL; Jetter, S; Ji, XP; Ji, XL; Jiao, JB; Johnson, RA; Jones, D; Kang, L; Kettell, SH; Khan, A; Kohn, S; Kramer, M; Kwan, KK; Kwok, MW; Kwok, T; Langford, TJ; Lau, K; Lebanowski, L; Lee, J; Lee, JHC; Lei, RT; Leitner, R; Li, C; Li, DJ; Li, F; Li, GS; Li, QJ; Li, S; Li, SC; Li, WD; Li, XN; Li, XQ; Li, YF; Li, ZB; Liang, H; Lin, CJ; Lin, GL; Lin, S; Lin, SK; Lin, YC; Ling, JJ; Link, JM; Littenberg, L; Littlejohn, BR; Liu, JL; Liu, JC; Loh, CW; Lu, C; Lu, HQ; Lu, JS; Luk, KB; Ma, XY; Ma, XB; Ma, YQ; Malyshkin, Y; Caicedo, DAM; McDonald, KT; McKeown, RD; Mitchell, I; Nakajima, Y; Napolitano, J; Naumov, D; Naumova, E; Ngai, HY; Ochoa-Ricoux, JP; Olshevskiy, A; Pan, HR; Park, J; Patton, S; Pec, V; Peng, JC; Pinsky, L; Pun, CSJ; Qi, FZ; Qi, M; Qian, X; Qiu, RM; Raper, N; Ren, J; Rosero, R; Roskovec, B; Ruan, XC; Sebastiani, C; Steiner, H; Sun, JL; Tang, W; Taychenachev, D; Treskov, K; Tsang, KV; Tull, CE; Viaux, N; Viren, B; Vorobel, V; Wang, CH; Wang, M; Wang, NY; Wang, RG; Wang, W; Wang, X; Wang, YF; Wang, Z; Wang, Z; Wang, ZM; Wei, HY; Wen, LJ; Whisnant, K; White, CG; Whitehead, L; Wise, T; Wong, HLH; Wong, SCF; Worcester, E; Wu, CH; Wu, Q; Wu, WJ; Xia, DM; Xia, JK; Xing, ZZ; Xu, JL; Xu, Y; Xue, T; Yang, CG; Yang, H; Yang, L; Yang, MS; Yang, MT; Yang, YZ; Ye, M; Ye, Z; Yeh, M; Young, BL; Yu, ZY; Zeng, S; Zhan, L; Zhang, C; Zhang, CC; Zhang, HH; Zhang, JW; Zhang, QM; Zhang, XT; Zhang, YM; Zhang, YX; Zhang, YM; Zhang, ZJ; Zhang, ZY; Zhang, ZP; Zhao, J; Zhou, L; Zhuang, HL; Zou, JH				An, F. P.; Balantekin, A. B.; Band, H. R.; Bishai, M.; Blyth, S.; Cao, D.; Cao, G. F.; Cao, J.; Chan, Y. L.; Chang, J. F.; Chang, Y.; Chen, H. S.; Chen, Q. Y.; Chen, S. M.; Chen, Y. X.; Chen, Y.; Cheng, J.; Cheng, Z. K.; Cherwinka, J. J.; Chu, M. C.; Chukanov, A.; Cummings, J. P.; Ding, Y. Y.; Diwan, M. V.; Dolgareva, M.; Dove, J.; Dwyer, D. A.; Edwards, W. R.; Gill, R.; Gonchar, M.; Gong, G. H.; Gong, H.; Grassi, M.; Gu, W. Q.; Guo, L.; Guo, X. H.; Guo, Y. H.; Guo, Z.; Hackenburg, R. W.; Hans, S.; He, M.; Heeger, K. M.; Heng, Y. K.; Higuera, A.; Hsiung, Y. B.; Hu, B. Z.; Hu, T.; Huang, E. C.; Huang, H. X.; Huang, X. T.; Huber, P.; Huo, W.; Hussain, G.; Jaffe, D. E.; Jen, K. L.; Jetter, S.; Ji, X. P.; Ji, X. L.; Jiao, J. B.; Johnson, R. A.; Jones, D.; Kang, L.; Kettell, S. H.; Khan, A.; Kohn, S.; Kramer, M.; Kwan, K. K.; Kwok, M. W.; Kwok, T.; Langford, T. J.; Lau, K.; Lebanowski, L.; Lee, J.; Lee, J. H. C.; Lei, R. T.; Leitner, R.; Li, C.; Li, D. J.; Li, F.; Li, G. S.; Li, Q. J.; Li, S.; Li, S. C.; Li, W. D.; Li, X. N.; Li, X. Q.; Li, Y. F.; Li, Z. B.; Liang, H.; Lin, C. J.; Lin, G. L.; Lin, S.; Lin, S. K.; Lin, Y. -C.; Ling, J. J.; Link, J. M.; Littenberg, L.; Littlejohn, B. R.; Liu, J. L.; Liu, J. C.; Loh, C. W.; Lu, C.; Lu, H. Q.; Lu, J. S.; Luk, K. B.; Ma, X. Y.; Ma, X. B.; Ma, Y. Q.; Malyshkin, Y.; Caicedo, D. A. Martinez; McDonald, K. T.; McKeown, R. D.; Mitchell, I.; Nakajima, Y.; Napolitano, J.; Naumov, D.; Naumova, E.; Ngai, H. Y.; Ochoa-Ricoux, J. P.; Olshevskiy, A.; Pan, H. -R.; Park, J.; Patton, S.; Pec, V.; Peng, J. C.; Pinsky, L.; Pun, C. S. J.; Qi, F. Z.; Qi, M.; Qian, X.; Qiu, R. M.; Raper, N.; Ren, J.; Rosero, R.; Roskovec, B.; Ruan, X. C.; Sebastiani, C.; Steiner, H.; Sun, J. L.; Tang, W.; Taychenachev, D.; Treskov, K.; Tsang, K. V.; Tull, C. E.; Viaux, N.; Viren, B.; Vorobel, V.; Wang, C. H.; Wang, M.; Wang, N. Y.; Wang, R. G.; Wang, W.; Wang, X.; Wang, Y. F.; Wang, Z.; Wang, Z.; Wang, Z. M.; Wei, H. Y.; Wen, L. J.; Whisnant, K.; White, C. G.; Whitehead, L.; Wise, T.; Wong, H. L. H.; Wong, S. C. F.; Worcester, E.; Wu, C. -H.; Wu, Q.; Wu, W. J.; Xia, D. M.; Xia, J. K.; Xing, Z. Z.; Xu, J. L.; Xu, Y.; Xue, T.; Yang, C. G.; Yang, H.; Yang, L.; Yang, M. S.; Yang, M. T.; Yang, Y. Z.; Ye, M.; Ye, Z.; Yeh, M.; Young, B. L.; Yu, Z. Y.; Zeng, S.; Zhan, L.; Zhang, C.; Zhang, C. C.; Zhang, H. H.; Zhang, J. W.; Zhang, Q. M.; Zhang, X. T.; Zhang, Y. M.; Zhang, Y. X.; Zhang, Y. M.; Zhang, Z. J.; Zhang, Z. Y.; Zhang, Z. P.; Zhao, J.; Zhou, L.; Zhuang, H. L.; Zou, J. H.		Daya Bay Collaboration	Seasonal variation of the underground cosmic muon flux observed at Daya Bay	JOURNAL OF COSMOLOGY AND ASTROPARTICLE PHYSICS			English	Article						cosmic ray experiments; neutrino detectors; neutrino experiments		The Daya Bay Experiment consists of eight identically designed detectors located in three underground experimental halls named as EH1, EH2, EH3, with 250, 265 and 860 meters of water equivalent vertical overburden, respectively. Cosmic muon events have been recorded over a two-year period. The underground muon rate is observed to be positively correlated with the effective atmospheric temperature and to follow a seasonal modulation pattern. The correlation coefficient alpha, describing how a variation in the muon rate relates to a variation in the effective atmospheric temperature, is found to be alpha(EH1) = 0 : 362 +/- 0 : 031, alpha(EH2) = 0.433 +/- 0.038 and alpha(EH3) = 0.641 +/- 0.057 for each experimental hall.	[An, F. P.] East China Univ Sci & Technol, Inst Modern Phys, Shanghai, Peoples R China; [Balantekin, A. B.; Cherwinka, J. J.] Univ Wisconsin, Madison, WI 53706 USA; [Band, H. R.; Heeger, K. M.; Langford, T. J.; Wise, T.] Yale Univ, Wright Lab, New Haven, CT 06520 USA; [Band, H. R.; Heeger, K. M.; Langford, T. J.; Wise, T.] Yale Univ, Dept Phys, New Haven, CT 06520 USA; [Bishai, M.; Diwan, M. V.; Gill, R.; Hackenburg, R. W.; Hans, S.; Jaffe, D. E.; Kettell, S. H.; Littenberg, L.; Qian, X.; Rosero, R.; Tang, W.; Viren, B.; Worcester, E.; Yeh, M.; Zhang, C.] Brookhaven Natl Lab, Upton, NY 11973 USA; [Blyth, S.; Hsiung, Y. B.; Hu, B. Z.; Lin, Y. -C.; Pan, H. -R.] Natl Taiwan Univ, Dept Phys, Taipei, Taiwan; [Blyth, S.; Chang, Y.; Wang, C. H.] Natl United Univ, Miaoli, Taiwan; [Cao, D.; Loh, C. W.; Qi, M.; Yang, H.] Nanjing Univ, Nanjing, Jiangsu, Peoples R China; [Cao, G. F.; Cao, J.; Chang, J. F.; Chen, H. S.; Ding, Y. Y.; Grassi, M.; He, M.; Heng, Y. K.; Hu, T.; Jetter, S.; Ji, X. L.; Li, F.; Li, Q. J.; Li, W. D.; Li, X. N.; Li, Y. F.; Liu, J. C.; Lu, H. Q.; Lu, J. S.; Ma, X. Y.; Ma, Y. Q.; Qi, F. Z.; Sebastiani, C.; Wang, R. G.; Wang, Y. F.; Wang, Z.; Wang, Z. M.; Wen, L. J.; Wu, W. J.; Xia, J. K.; Xing, Z. Z.; Xu, J. L.; Yang, C. G.; Yang, M. S.; Ye, M.; Yu, Z. Y.; Zeng, S.; Zhan, L.; Zhang, C. C.; Zhang, J. W.; Zhang, X. T.; Zhang, Z. Y.; Zhao, J.; Zhou, L.; Zhuang, H. L.; Zou, J. H.] Inst High Energy Phys, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Chan, Y. L.; Chu, M. C.; Kwan, K. K.; Kwok, M. W.] Chinese Univ Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Hong Kong, Peoples R China; [Chen, Q. Y.; Cheng, J.; Huang, X. T.; Jiao, J. B.; Li, C.; Wang, M.; Wu, Q.; Yang, M. T.] Shandong Univ, Jinan, Shandong, Peoples R China; [Chen, S. M.; Gong, G. H.; Gong, H.; Guo, L.; Guo, Z.; Hussain, G.; Ji, X. P.; Lebanowski, L.; Wang, Z.; Wei, H. Y.; Xue, T.; Zhang, Y. M.] Tsinghua Univ, Dept Engn Phys, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Chen, Y. X.; Ma, X. B.; Qiu, R. M.] North China Elect Power Univ, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Chen, Y.] Shenzhen Univ, Shenzhen, Peoples R China; [Cheng, Z. K.; Khan, A.; Li, Z. B.; Ling, J. J.; Raper, N.; Wang, W.; Wong, S. C. F.; Xu, Y.; Yang, Y. Z.; Zhang, H. H.; Zhang, Y. M.] Sun Yat Sen Univ, Guangzhou, Guangdong, Peoples R China; [Chukanov, A.; Dolgareva, M.; Gonchar, M.; Naumov, D.; Naumova, E.; Olshevskiy, A.; Taychenachev, D.; Treskov, K.] Joint Inst Nucl Res, Moscow, Russia; [Cummings, J. P.] Siena Coll, Loudonville, NY 12211 USA; [Dove, J.; Huang, E. C.; Peng, J. C.] Univ Illinois, Dept Phys, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Dwyer, D. A.; Edwards, W. R.; Kramer, M.; Lee, J.; Lin, C. J.; Luk, K. B.; Nakajima, Y.; Patton, S.; Steiner, H.; Tsang, K. V.; Tull, C. E.; Wong, H. L. H.] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Chukanov, A.; Gu, W. Q.; Li, G. S.; Liu, J. L.] Shanghai Jiao Tong Univ, Shanghai Lab Particle Phys & Cosmol, Dept Phys & Astron, Shanghai, Peoples R China; [Guo, X. H.; Wang, N. Y.] Beijing Normal Univ, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Guo, Y. H.; Zhang, Q. M.] Xi An Jiao Tong Univ, Sch Energy & Power Engn, Dept Nucl Sci & Technol, Xian, Peoples R China; [Higuera, A.; Lau, K.; Lin, S. K.; Mitchell, I.; Pinsky, L.; Whitehead, L.; Ye, Z.] Univ Houston, Dept Phys, Houston, TX 77204 USA; [Huang, H. X.; Ren, J.; Ruan, X. C.] China Inst Atom Energy, Beijing, Peoples R China; [Huber, P.; Li, S. C.; Link, J. M.; Park, J.] Virginia Tech, Ctr Neutrino Phys, Blacksburg, VA 24061 USA; [Huo, W.; Li, D. J.; Liang, H.; Zhang, Z. P.] Univ Sci & Technol China, Hefei, Anhui, Peoples R China; [Jen, K. L.; Lin, G. L.; Wu, C. -H.] Natl Chiao Tung Univ, Inst Phys, Hsinchu, Taiwan; [Ji, X. P.; Li, X. Q.] Nankai Univ, Sch Phys, Tianjin, Peoples R China; [Johnson, R. A.] Univ Cincinnati, Dept Phys, Cincinnati, OH 45221 USA; [Jones, D.; Napolitano, J.] Temple Univ, Coll Sci & Technol, Dept Phys, Philadelphia, PA 19122 USA; [Kang, L.; Lei, R. T.; Li, S.; Lin, S.; Yang, L.; Zhang, Z. J.] Dongguan Univ Technol, Dongguan, Guangdong, Peoples R China; [Kohn, S.; Kramer, M.; Luk, K. B.; Steiner, H.; Wong, H. L. H.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Phys, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Kwok, T.; Lee, J. H. C.; Ngai, H. Y.; Pun, C. S. J.] Univ Hong Kong, Dept Phys, Pokfulam, Hong Kong, Peoples R China; [Leitner, R.; Pec, V.; Roskovec, B.; Vorobel, V.] Charles Univ Prague, Fac Math & Phys, Prague, Czech Republic; [Littlejohn, B. R.; Caicedo, D. A. Martinez; White, C. G.] Illinois Inst Technol, Dept Phys, Chicago, IL 60616 USA; [Lu, C.; McDonald, K. T.] Princeton Univ, Joseph Henry Labs, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Malyshkin, Y.; Ochoa-Ricoux, J. P.; Viaux, N.] Pontificia Univ Catolica Chile, Inst Fis, Santiago, Chile; [McKeown, R. D.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [McKeown, R. D.; Wang, W.] Coll William & Mary, Williamsburg, VA 23187 USA; [Raper, N.] Rensselaer Polytech Inst, Dept Phys Appl Phys & Astron, Troy, NY 12180 USA; [Sun, J. L.; Zhang, Y. X.] China Gen Nucl Power Grp, Shenzhen, Peoples R China; [Wang, X.] Natl Univ Def Technol, Coll Elect Sci & Engn, Changsha, Hunan, Peoples R China; [Whisnant, K.; Young, B. L.] Iowa State Univ, Ames, IA 50011 USA; [Xia, D. M.] Chongqing Univ, Chongqing, Peoples R China; [Hans, S.] CUNY Bronx Community Coll, Dept Chem & Chem Technol, Bronx, NY 10453 USA	Grassi, M (corresponding author), Inst High Energy Phys, Beijing, Peoples R China.	marco.grassi@apc.in2p3.fr	Wang, Meng/C-4888-2013; Grassi, Marco/U-1260-2017; Olshevskiy, Alexander/I-1580-2016; Treskov, Konstantin/AAD-7488-2019; Viaux, Nicolas/AAT-5715-2020; Pun, Chun Shing Jason/AAO-9345-2020; Zhang, Qingmin/Z-5136-2019; Balantekin, Akif Baha/E-4776-2010; Wen, Liangjian/C-5113-2015; Link, Jonathan/L-2560-2013	Wang, Meng/0000-0003-4067-1127; Grassi, Marco/0000-0003-2422-6736; Olshevskiy, Alexander/0000-0002-8902-1793; Treskov, Konstantin/0000-0001-9248-9314; Viaux, Nicolas/0000-0002-5102-9140; Zhang, Qingmin/0000-0001-5608-124X; Balantekin, Akif Baha/0000-0002-2999-0111; Qian, Xin/0000-0002-7903-7935; Gu, Wenqiang/0000-0001-6402-1239; Langford, Thomas/0000-0001-5953-5294; Sebastiani, Cristiano/0000-0003-1073-035X; Nakajima, Yasuhiro/0000-0002-2744-5216; Wen, Liangjian/0000-0003-4541-9422; Wu, Wenjie/0000-0003-4379-9548; Yeh, Minfang/0000-0003-2244-0499; Link, Jonathan/0000-0002-1514-0650	Ministry of Science and Technology of ChinaMinistry of Science and Technology, China; U.S. Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE); Chinese Academy of SciencesChinese Academy of Sciences; CAS Center for Excellence in Particle Physics; National Natural Science Foundation of ChinaNational Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC); Guangdong provincial government; Shenzhen municipal government; China Guangdong Nuclear Power Group; Key Laboratory of Particle and Radiation Imaging (Tsinghua University); Ministry of Education; Key Laboratory of Particle Physics and Particle Irradiation (Shandong University); Shanghai Laboratory for Particle Physics and Cosmology; Research Grants Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of ChinaHong Kong Research Grants Council; University Development Fund of The University of Hong KongUniversity of Hong Kong; MOE program for Research of Excellence at National Taiwan University; National Chiao-Tung UniversityNational Chiao Tung University; NSC fund from Taiwan; U.S. National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); Alfred P. Sloan FoundationAlfred P. Sloan Foundation; Ministry of Education, Youth, and Sports of the Czech RepublicMinistry of Education, Youth & Sports - Czech Republic; Joint Institute of Nuclear Research in Dubna, Russia; CNFC-RFBR joint research program; National Commission of Scientific and Technological Research of Chile; Tsinghua University Initiative Scientific Research Program	Daya Bay is supported in part by the Ministry of Science and Technology of China, the U.S. Department of Energy, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the CAS Center for Excellence in Particle Physics, the National Natural Science Foundation of China, the Guangdong provincial government, the Shenzhen municipal government, the China Guangdong Nuclear Power Group, Key Laboratory of Particle and Radiation Imaging (Tsinghua University), the Ministry of Education, Key Laboratory of Particle Physics and Particle Irradiation (Shandong University), the Ministry of Education, Shanghai Laboratory for Particle Physics and Cosmology, the Research Grants Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, the University Development Fund of The University of Hong Kong, the MOE program for Research of Excellence at National Taiwan University, National Chiao-Tung University, and NSC fund support from Taiwan, the U.S. National Science Foundation, the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation, the Ministry of Education, Youth, and Sports of the Czech Republic, the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research in Dubna, Russia, the CNFC-RFBR joint research program, the National Commission of Scientific and Technological Research of Chile, and the Tsinghua University Initiative Scientific Research Program. We acknowledge Yellow River Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd., and China Railway 15th Bureau Group Co., Ltd., for building the underground laboratory. We are grateful for the ongoing cooperation from the China General Nuclear Power Group and China Light and Power Company.		35	8	8	2	24	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1475-7516			J COSMOL ASTROPART P	J. Cosmol. Astropart. Phys.	JAN	2018		1							001	10.1088/1475-7516/2018/01/001			21	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Physics, Particles & Fields	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Physics	FR6RC	WOS:000419192700001					2020-09-09	
J	Huertas-Cerdeira, C; Fan, BY; Gharib, M				Huertas-Cerdeira, Cecilia; Fan, Boyu; Gharib, Morteza			Coupled motion of two side-by-side inverted flags	JOURNAL OF FLUIDS AND STRUCTURES			English	Article						Inverted flag; Coupled dynamics; Synchronization	UNIFORM STEADY FLOW; FLAPPING FILAMENTS; CROSS-FLOW; SOAP FILM; CYLINDERS; VIBRATIONS; DYNAMICS; FLUTTER; MODEL	The interaction and coupling between two inverted flags that are placed side-by-side in a uniform flow is investigated in an effort to determine the behavior of systems that are formed by arrays of cantilevered plates. Inverted flags are elastic plates that are free to move at their leading edge and clamped at their trailing edge. We show that placing two inverted flags of equal dimensions side-by-side will cause their motion to couple. In-phase, anti-phase, staggered, alternating and decoupled flapping modes are present, with the anti phase mode being predominant at small flag distances and low wind speeds. Increases both in amplitude and frequency of flapping are observed in the two flag system with respect to a single flag. Two side-by-side inverted flags of different lengths are found to interact for small length differences, with the longer flag being able to induce a motion on the shorter flag even when the latter is outside of its flapping wind speed range. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.	[Huertas-Cerdeira, Cecilia; Fan, Boyu; Gharib, Morteza] CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Fan, Boyu] MIT, Dept Mech Engn, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA	Huertas-Cerdeira, C (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Engn & Appl Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	chuertas@caltech.edu		Fan, Boyu/0000-0002-1743-5225	Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Charyk Family Foundation; la Caixa Fellowship Grant for Post-Graduate Studies, la Caixa Banking Foundation, Barcelona, Spain	This research was supported by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation and the Charyk Family Foundation. Cecilia Huertas-Cerdeira acknowledges support through the la Caixa Fellowship Grant for Post-Graduate Studies, la Caixa Banking Foundation, Barcelona, Spain. The authors acknowledge the aid of Antoine Barizien in conducting the experiments.		28	13	13	1	10	ACADEMIC PRESS LTD- ELSEVIER SCIENCE LTD	LONDON	24-28 OVAL RD, LONDON NW1 7DX, ENGLAND	0889-9746			J FLUID STRUCT	J. Fluids Struct.	JAN	2018	76						527	535		10.1016/j.jfluidstructs.2017.11.005			9	Engineering, Mechanical; Mechanics	Engineering; Mechanics	FU9PN	WOS:000424188100029					2020-09-09	
J	Armitage, TWK; Kwok, R; Thompson, AF; Cunningham, G				Armitage, Thomas W. K.; Kwok, Ron; Thompson, Andrew F.; Cunningham, Glenn			Dynamic Topography and Sea Level Anomalies of the Southern Ocean: Variability and Teleconnections	JOURNAL OF GEOPHYSICAL RESEARCH-OCEANS			English	Article						Southern Ocean; sea surface height; circulation; radar altimetry; climate variability; marginal seas	ANTARCTIC CIRCUMPOLAR CURRENT; GLOBAL OVERTURNING CIRCULATION; SURFACE HEIGHT; DRAKE PASSAGE; DEEP-WATER; SEASONAL VARIABILITY; BEAUFORT GYRE; SLOPE CURRENT; WEDDELL SEA; ICE-SHELF	This study combines sea surface height (SSH) estimates of the ice-covered Southern Ocean with conventional open-ocean SSH estimates from CryoSat-2 to produce monthly composites of dynamic ocean topography (DOT) and sea level anomaly (SLA) on a 50 km grid spanning 2011-2016. This data set reveals the full Southern Ocean SSH seasonal cycle for the first time; there is an antiphase relationship between sea level on the Antarctic continental shelf and the deeper basins, with coastal SSH highest in autumn and lowest in spring. As a result of this pattern of seasonal SSH variability, the barotropic component of the Antarctic Slope Current (ASC) has speeds that are regionally up to twice as fast in the autumn. Month-to-month circulation variability of the Ross and Weddell Gyres is strongly influenced by the local wind field, and is correlated with the local wind curl (Ross: -0.58; Weddell: -0.67). SSH variability is linked to both the Southern Oscillation and the Southern Annular Mode, dominant modes of southern hemisphere climate variability. In particular, during the strong 2015-2016 El Nino, a sustained negative coastal SLA of up to -6 cm, implying a weakening of the ASC, was observed in the Pacific sector of the Southern Ocean. The ability to examine sea level variability in the seasonally ice-covered regions of the Southern Oceanclimatically important regions with an acute sparsity of datamakes this new merged sea level record of particular interest to the Southern Ocean oceanography and glaciology communities.	[Armitage, Thomas W. K.; Kwok, Ron; Cunningham, Glenn] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Thompson, Andrew F.] CALTECH, Environm Sci & Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Armitage, TWK (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Tom.W.Armitage@jpl.nasa.gov	Kwok, Ron/A-9762-2008; Kwok, Ronald/L-3968-2019	Kwok, Ron/0000-0003-4051-5896; Kwok, Ronald/0000-0003-4051-5896; Armitage, Thomas/0000-0003-1442-7833	National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); President's and Director's Fund Program	This work was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the California Institute of Technology under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and funded through the President's and Director's Fund Program. CryoSat-2 data were supplied by the European Space Agency (https://earth.esa.int/web/guest/data-access). The Southern Ocean sea level data presented in this manuscript will be made available via https://rkwok.jpl.nasa.gov/cryosat/.		67	27	27	4	20	AMER GEOPHYSICAL UNION	WASHINGTON	2000 FLORIDA AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20009 USA	2169-9275	2169-9291		J GEOPHYS RES-OCEANS	J. Geophys. Res.-Oceans	JAN	2018	123	1					613	630		10.1002/2017JC013534			18	Oceanography	Oceanography	FW8MU	WOS:000425589800035					2020-09-09	
J	Robbins, SJ; Runyon, K; Singer, KN; Bray, VJ; Beyer, RA; Schenk, P; McKinnon, WB; Grundy, WM; Nimmo, F; Moore, JM; Spencer, JR; White, OL; Binzel, RP; Buie, MW; Buratti, BJ; Cheng, AF; Linscott, IR; Reitsema, HJ; Reuter, DC; Showalter, MR; Tyler, GL; Young, LA; Olkin, CB; Ennico, KS; Weaver, HA; Stern, SA				Robbins, Stuart J.; Runyon, Kirby; Singer, Kelsi N.; Bray, Veronica J.; Beyer, Ross A.; Schenk, Paul; McKinnon, William B.; Grundy, William M.; Nimmo, Francis; Moore, Jeffrey M.; Spencer, John R.; White, Oliver L.; Binzel, Richard P.; Buie, Marc W.; Buratti, Bonnie J.; Cheng, Andrew F.; Linscott, Ivan R.; Reitsema, Harold J.; Reuter, Dennis C.; Showalter, Mark R.; Tyler, G. Len; Young, Leslie A.; Olkin, Catherine B.; Ennico, Kimberly S.; Weaver, Harold A.; Stern, S. Alan			Investigation of Charon's Craters With Abrupt Terminus Ejecta, Comparisons With Other Icy Bodies, and Formation Implications	JOURNAL OF GEOPHYSICAL RESEARCH-PLANETS			English	Article						New Horizons; Charon; craters; water; ice; comparative planetology; ejecta	IMPACT CRATERS; LAYERED EJECTA; FLUIDIZED EJECTA; SUBSURFACE OCEAN; PEDESTAL CRATERS; KUIPER-BELT; WATER; PLUTO; MARS; LATITUDE	On the moon and other airless bodies, ballistically emplaced ejecta transitions from a thinning, continuous inner deposit to become discontinuous beyond approximately one crater radius from the crater rim and can further break into discrete rays and secondary craters. In contrast, on Mars, ejecta often form continuous, distinct, and sometimes thick deposits that transition to a low ridge or escarpment that may be circular or lobate. The Martian ejecta type has been variously termed pancake, rampart, lobate, or layered, and in this work we refer to it as abrupt termini ejecta (ATE). Two main formation mechanisms have been proposed, one requiring interaction of the ejecta with the atmosphere and the other mobilization of near-surface volatiles. ATE morphologies are also unambiguously seen on Ganymede, Europa, Dione, and Tethys, but they are not as common as on Mars. We have identified up to 38 craters on Charon that show signs of ATE, including possible distal ramparts and lobate margins. These ejecta show morphologic and morphometric similarities with other moons in the solar system, which are a subset of the properties observed on Mars. From comparison of these ejecta on Charon and other solar system bodies, we find the strongest support for subsurface volatile mobilization and ejecta fluidization as the main formation mechanism for the ATE, at least on airless, icy worlds. This conclusion comes from the bodies on which they are found, an apparent preference for certain terrains, and the observation that craters with ATE can be near to similarly sized craters that only have gradational ejecta.	[Robbins, Stuart J.; Singer, Kelsi N.; Spencer, John R.; Buie, Marc W.; Young, Leslie A.; Olkin, Catherine B.; Stern, S. Alan] Southwest Res Inst, Boulder, CO 80302 USA; [Runyon, Kirby; Cheng, Andrew F.; Weaver, Harold A.] Johns Hopkins Univ, Dept Earth & Planetary Sci, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Bray, Veronica J.] Univ Arizona, Lunar & Planetary Lab, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Beyer, Ross A.; Showalter, Mark R.] SETI Inst, Sagan Ctr, Mountain View, CA USA; [Beyer, Ross A.; Moore, Jeffrey M.; White, Oliver L.] NASA, Ames Res Ctr, Planetary Syst Branch, Space Sci & Astrobiol Div, Moffett Field, CA 94035 USA; [Schenk, Paul] Lunar & Planetary Inst, 3303 NASA Rd 1, Houston, TX 77058 USA; [McKinnon, William B.] Washington Univ, Dept Earth & Planetary Sci, McDonnell Ctr Space Sci, St Louis, MO 63130 USA; [Grundy, William M.; Ennico, Kimberly S.] Lowell Observ, 1400 W Mars Hill Rd, Flagstaff, AZ 86001 USA; [Nimmo, Francis] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Dept Earth & Planetary Sci, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Binzel, Richard P.] MIT, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Buratti, Bonnie J.] CALTECH, NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Linscott, Ivan R.; Tyler, G. Len] Stanford Univ, Dept Elect Engn, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Reitsema, Harold J.] Ball Aerosp, Boulder, CO USA; [Reuter, Dennis C.] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA	Robbins, SJ (corresponding author), Southwest Res Inst, Boulder, CO 80302 USA.	stuart@boulder.swri.edu	Runyon, Kirby D/J-2878-2017; Weaver, Harold A/D-9188-2016; Olkin, Catherine/AAF-5160-2019	Runyon, Kirby D/0000-0001-6361-6548; Weaver, Harold A/0000-0003-0951-7762; Olkin, Catherine/0000-0002-5846-716X; Beyer, Ross/0000-0003-4503-3335; ROBBINS, STUART/0000-0002-8585-2549; Singer, Kelsi N./0000-0003-3045-8445; Grundy, Will/0000-0002-8296-6540	NASA's New Horizons mission within the New Frontiers program; NASA's Mars Data Analysis ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX15AM48G]	Support for the authors was made possible through NASA's New Horizons mission within the New Frontiers program. S.J. Robbins was additionally supported by NASA's Mars Data Analysis Program award NNX15AM48G. The authors thank N.G. Barlow for nomenclature assistance, W.F. Bottke for suggestions on inner solar system impactor populations, and R.R. Herrick for discussions on Venus radar data. The authors thank P. Schultz, P. Mouginis-Mark, G.R. Osinski, and N.G. Barlow for their helpful reviews. All image data used in this work are available via NASA's PDS' Small Bodies Node; the derived crater data are available in the supporting information.		93	5	5	0	3	AMER GEOPHYSICAL UNION	WASHINGTON	2000 FLORIDA AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20009 USA	2169-9097	2169-9100		J GEOPHYS RES-PLANET	J. Geophys. Res.-Planets	JAN	2018	123	1			SI		20	36		10.1002/2017JE005287			17	Geochemistry & Geophysics	Geochemistry & Geophysics	FW8MY	WOS:000425590700002		Green Published, Bronze			2020-09-09	
J	Panning, MP; Stahler, SC; Huang, HH; Vance, SD; Kedar, S; Tsai, VC; Pike, WT; Lorenz, RD				Panning, Mark P.; Staehler, Simon C.; Huang, Hsin-Hua; Vance, Steven D.; Kedar, Sharon; Tsai, Victor C.; Pike, William T.; Lorenz, Ralph D.			Expected Seismicity and the Seismic Noise Environment of Europa	JOURNAL OF GEOPHYSICAL RESEARCH-PLANETS			English	Article						Europa; seismology; noise; seismicity	SUBSURFACE OCEAN; ICE SHELL; GALILEAN SATELLITES; SHALLOW MOONQUAKES; INTERNAL STRUCTURE; FREE OSCILLATIONS; RADAR DETECTION; SOLAR-SYSTEM; AUTOCORRELATION; DETECTABILITY	Seismic data will be a vital geophysical constraint on internal structure of Europa if we land instruments on the surface. Quantifying expected seismic activity on Europa both in terms of large, recognizable signals and ambient background noise is important for understanding dynamics of the moon, as well as interpretation of potential future data. Seismic energy sources will likely include cracking in the ice shell and turbulent motion in the oceans. We define a range of models of seismic activity in Europa's ice shell by assuming each model follows a Gutenberg-Richter relationship with varying parameters. A range of cumulative seismic moment release between 10(16) and 10(18)Nm/yr is defined by scaling tidal dissipation energy to tectonic events on the Earth's moon. Random catalogs are generated and used to create synthetic continuous noise records through numerical wave propagation in thermodynamically self-consistent models of the interior structure of Europa. Spectral characteristics of the noise are calculated by determining probabilistic power spectral densities of the synthetic records. While the range of seismicity models predicts noise levels that vary by 80dB, we show that most noise estimates are below the self-noise floor of high-frequency geophones but may be recorded by more sensitive instruments. The largest expected signals exceed background noise by approximate to 50dB. Noise records may allow for constraints on interior structure through autocorrelation. Models of seismic noise generated by pressure variations at the base of the ice shell due to turbulent motions in the subsurface ocean may also generate observable seismic noise. Plain Language Summary In this study, we are looking at sources that vibrate the outer ice shell of Europa and produce energy recorded by a seismometer. We are interested in this because seismology has been the best tool for determining the interior structure of the Earth; therefore, we want to consider how much energy we expect to go into seismic activity on Europa. In this study, we simulate long seismic recordings assuming that icequakes behave statistically similar to earthquakes. This predicts how frequently we expect events of different sizes. By scaling the total energy released observed on the Earth's moon by the much higher tidal energy available to Europa, we predict a range of simulated event catalogs. With those catalogs, we simulate the seismic waves recorded at a seismometer. This lets us determine how large events are likely to be, and also what the more or less continuous background noise from many small events will look like. We also examine a technique that can use an approach called autocorrelation to pull signals out of the noise, which in our simulated records show a clear energy arrival representing energy reflected from the ocean bottom. We conclude that a simple instrument does not have enough sensitivity to reliably record either the large signals or the background noise on Europa's surface, but a more sensitive instrument may record the background noise for periods shorter than 10s, as well as very likely recording signals from larger events expected to occur a few times per week of observation.	[Panning, Mark P.] Univ Florida, Dept Geol Sci, Gainesville, FL 32611 USA; [Panning, Mark P.; Vance, Steven D.; Kedar, Sharon] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Staehler, Simon C.] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Inst Geophys, Zurich, Switzerland; [Staehler, Simon C.] Leibniz Inst Balt Sea Res IOW, Rostock, Germany; [Huang, Hsin-Hua; Tsai, Victor C.] CALTECH, Seismol Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Huang, Hsin-Hua] Acad Sinica, Inst Earth Sci, Taipei, Taiwan; [Pike, William T.] Imperial Coll, Dept Elect & Elect Engn, London, England; [Lorenz, Ralph D.] Johns Hopkins Appl Phys Lab, Space Explorat Sect, Laurel, MD USA	Panning, MP (corresponding author), Univ Florida, Dept Geol Sci, Gainesville, FL 32611 USA.; Panning, MP (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	Mark.P.Panning@jpl.nasa.gov	Vance, Steven/J-8887-2017; Huang, Hsin-Hua/E-5677-2013; Tsai, Victor/J-8405-2012; Stahler, Simon C./N-4211-2018; Panning, Mark P/B-3805-2011; Lorenz, Ralph/B-8759-2016	Vance, Steven/0000-0002-4242-3293; Huang, Hsin-Hua/0000-0002-1115-2427; Tsai, Victor/0000-0003-1809-6672; Stahler, Simon C./0000-0002-0783-2489; Panning, Mark P/0000-0002-2041-3190; Pike, William/0000-0002-7660-6231; Lorenz, Ralph/0000-0001-8528-4644	Leibniz-Rechenzentrum Garching [pr63qo]; Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft DFGGerman Research Foundation (DFG) [SI1538/4-1]; strategic research and technology funds from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Caltech; Icy Worlds node of NASA's Astrobiology Institute [13-13NAI7_2-0024]	The authors acknowledge computational support in the project pr63qo "3-D wave propagation and rupture: forward and inverse problem" at Leibniz-Rechenzentrum Garching. S. C. S. was supported by grant SI1538/4-1 of Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft DFG. This work was partially supported by strategic research and technology funds from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Caltech and by the Icy Worlds node of NASA's Astrobiology Institute (13-13NAI7_2-0024). Noise waveform records and seismic catalogs are available via GitHub at http://github.com/mpanning/EuropaNoise. Axisem waveform databases are maintained by S. C. S. and can be accessed for use in Instaseis scripts via http://instaseis.ethz.ch/icy_ocean_worlds/. Sound files in the supporting information were created with Matlab scripts from Zhigang Peng (http://geophysics.eas.gatech.edu/people/zpeng/EQ_Music/). Work by M. P. was started at the University of Florida and was completed at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Reference herein to any specific commercial product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply its endorsement by the United States Government or the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology.		79	15	15	0	16	AMER GEOPHYSICAL UNION	WASHINGTON	2000 FLORIDA AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20009 USA	2169-9097	2169-9100		J GEOPHYS RES-PLANET	J. Geophys. Res.-Planets	JAN	2018	123	1			SI		163	179		10.1002/2017JE005332			17	Geochemistry & Geophysics	Geochemistry & Geophysics	FW8MY	WOS:000425590700010		Bronze, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Vance, SD; Panning, MP; Stahler, S; Cammarano, F; Bills, BG; Tobie, G; Kamata, S; Kedar, S; Sotin, C; Pike, WT; Lorenz, R; Huang, HH; Jackson, JM; Banerdt, B				Vance, Steven D.; Panning, Mark P.; Staehler, Simon; Cammarano, Fabio; Bills, Bruce G.; Tobie, Gabriel; Kamata, Shunichi; Kedar, Sharon; Sotin, Christophe; Pike, William T.; Lorenz, Ralph; Huang, Hsin-Hua; Jackson, Jennifer M.; Banerdt, Bruce			Geophysical Investigations of Habitability in Ice-Covered Ocean Worlds	JOURNAL OF GEOPHYSICAL RESEARCH-PLANETS			English	Article						seismology; icy ocean worlds; habitability; interior structure; anelasticity; electrical conductivity	EQUATION-OF-STATE; THERMODYNAMIC PROPERTIES; ELECTRICAL-CONDUCTIVITY; INTERNAL STRUCTURE; GRAVITY-FIELD; INTERIOR STRUCTURE; ELASTIC PROPERTIES; TIDAL DEFORMATION; PHASE-EQUILIBRIA; AMMONIUM-SULFATE	Geophysical measurements can reveal the structures and thermal states of icy ocean worlds. The interior density, temperature, sound speed, and electrical conductivity thus characterize their habitability. We explore the variability and correlation of these parameters using 1-D internal structure models. We invoke thermodynamic consistency using available thermodynamics of aqueous MgSO4, NaCl (as seawater), and NH3; pure water ice phases I, II, III, V, and VI; silicates; and any metallic core that may be present. Model results suggest, for Europa, that combinations of geophysical parameters might be used to distinguish an oxidized ocean dominated by MgSO4 from a more reduced ocean dominated by NaCl. In contrast with Jupiter's icy ocean moons, Titan and Enceladus have low-density rocky interiors, with minimal or no metallic core. The low-density rocky core of Enceladus may comprise hydrated minerals or anhydrous minerals with high porosity. Cassini gravity data for Titan indicate a high tidal potential Love number (k(2)>0.6), which requires a dense internal ocean ((ocean)>1,200kgm(-3)) and icy lithosphere thinner than 100km. In that case, Titan may have little or no high-pressure ice, or a surprisingly deep water-rock interface more than 500km below the surface, covered only by ice VI. Ganymede's water-rock interface is the deepest among known ocean worlds, at around 800km. Its ocean may contain multiple phases of high-pressure ice, which will become buoyant if the ocean is sufficiently salty. Callisto's interior structure may be intermediate to those of Titan and Europa, with a water-rock interface 250km below the surface covered by ice V but not ice VI. Plain Language Summary Seismometers, magnetometers, and other tools may be used in the future to glimpse the insides of ocean worlds-moons of Jupiter and Saturn that have lots of liquid water under their icy surfaces. These measurements could reveal whether water and rock interact to produce chemical conditions that on Earth support life, how much life such chemical activity might support, and how long that activity has persisted through time. The pressures and temperatures in these extraterrestrial oceans differ from those in Earth's oceans, so only just now are the needed tools and data becoming available to predict what future measurements might reveal. In this work, we investigated the interior structures of icy ocean worlds based on available informationmainly NASA's Galileo and Cassini missionsand used chemical data to test what ocean and rock compositions are possible. Our calculations make predictions for Saturn's moons: Titan should not have an iron core, and its ocean may contain little or no high-pressure ice. Fluids may flow through the whole of the rock core of Enceladus because Cassini gravity measurements seem to point to a porous interior. Geophysical investigations could test whether the ocean in Jupiter's moon Europa has a composition like Earth's or may instead by very acidic if water and rock have not interacted much. Our calculations predict that these two scenarios can create unique combinations of measurable properties that can be probed by future missions using seismology, magnetic field measurements, and other means.	[Vance, Steven D.; Panning, Mark P.; Bills, Bruce G.; Kedar, Sharon; Sotin, Christophe; Banerdt, Bruce] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Staehler, Simon] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Inst Geophys, Zurich, Switzerland; [Staehler, Simon] Leibniz Inst Balt Sea Res IOW Rostock, Rostock, Germany; [Cammarano, Fabio] Univ Roma Tre, Lab Planetol & Geodynam, Dipartimento Sci Geol, Rome, Italy; [Tobie, Gabriel] Univ Nantes, Nantes, France; [Tobie, Gabriel] CNRS, Nantes, France; [Kamata, Shunichi] Hokkaido Univ, Creat Res Inst, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan; [Pike, William T.] Imperial Coll, Dept Elect & Elect Engn, London, England; [Lorenz, Ralph] Johns Hopkins Univ, Appl Phys Lab, Laurel, MD USA; [Huang, Hsin-Hua; Jackson, Jennifer M.] CALTECH, Seismol Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Huang, Hsin-Hua] Acad Sinica, Inst Earth Sci, Taipei, Taiwan	Vance, SD (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	svance@jpl.nasa.gov	Banerdt, William/Q-7324-2019; Vance, Steven/J-8887-2017; Huang, Hsin-Hua/E-5677-2013; Panning, Mark P/B-3805-2011; Cammarano, Fabio/F-2173-2018; Stahler, Simon C./N-4211-2018; Lorenz, Ralph/B-8759-2016	Vance, Steven/0000-0002-4242-3293; Huang, Hsin-Hua/0000-0002-1115-2427; Panning, Mark P/0000-0002-2041-3190; Stahler, Simon C./0000-0002-0783-2489; cammarano, fabio/0000-0003-3908-5446; Pike, William/0000-0002-7660-6231; Lorenz, Ralph/0000-0001-8528-4644	Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Caltech; Icy Worlds node of NASA's Astrobiology Institute [13-13NAI7_2-0024]; CNESCentre National D'etudes Spatiales; NASA Europa Clipper mission; NASA Outer Planets Research grant [NNX13AK97G, NNH12ZDA001N]; Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft DFGGerman Research Foundation (DFG) [SI1538/4-1]	We thank Jurrien Knibbe and an anonymous reviewer for thoughtful and detailed reviews that improved the quality of this paper. The PlanetProfile model and applications described in this work are available online (Vance, 2017). Support for its use may be obtained from SDV via email. Work by JPL co-authors was partially supported by strategic research and technology funds from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Caltech, and by the Icy Worlds node of NASA's Astrobiology Institute (13-13NAI7_2-0024). G. T. acknowledges supports from CNES for the ESA JUICE mission and the NASA Europa Clipper mission and for the project ANR OASIS. R. L. acknowledges the support of NASA Outer Planets Research grant NNX13AK97G "Physical Processes in Titan's Seas." S. C. S. was supported by grant SI1538/4-1 of Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft DFG. S. D. V. acknowledges the support of NASA Outer Planets Research grant NNH12ZDA001N "Solution Thermochemistry Relevant to Outer Planets and Satellites." No conflicts of interest are identified associated with this work. A part of the research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.		126	27	27	2	62	AMER GEOPHYSICAL UNION	WASHINGTON	2000 FLORIDA AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20009 USA	2169-9097	2169-9100		J GEOPHYS RES-PLANET	J. Geophys. Res.-Planets	JAN	2018	123	1			SI		180	205		10.1002/2017JE005341			26	Geochemistry & Geophysics	Geochemistry & Geophysics	FW8MY	WOS:000425590700011		Green Accepted, Bronze, Green Published			2020-09-09	
J	Stahler, SC; Panning, MP; Vance, SD; Lorenz, RD; van Driel, M; Nissen-Meyer, T; Kedar, S				Staehler, Simon C.; Panning, Mark P.; Vance, Steven D.; Lorenz, Ralph D.; van Driel, Martin; Nissen-Meyer, Tarje; Kedar, Sharon			Seismic Wave Propagation in Icy Ocean Worlds	JOURNAL OF GEOPHYSICAL RESEARCH-PLANETS			English	Article						seismology; icy ocean worlds; instrumentation	SPHERICAL-EARTH SEISMOGRAMS; SPECTRAL-ELEMENT METHOD; SUBSURFACE OCEAN; SINGLE-STATION; SYNTHETIC SEISMOGRAMS; AXISYMMETRICAL MEDIA; GRAVITY-FIELD; EUROPA; SHELL; INTERIOR	Seismology was developed on Earth and shaped our model of the Earth's interior over the twentieth century. With the exception of the Philae lander, all in situ extraterrestrial seismological effort to date was limited to other terrestrial planets. All have in common a rigid crust above a solid mantle. The coming years may see the installation of seismometers on Europa, Titan, and Enceladus, so it is necessary to adapt seismological concepts to the setting of worlds with global oceans covered in ice. Here we use waveform analyses to identify and classify wave types, developing a lexicon for icy ocean world seismology intended to be useful to both seismologists and planetary scientists. We use results from spectral-element simulations of broadband seismic wavefields to adapt seismological concepts to icy ocean worlds. We present a concise naming scheme for seismic waves and an overview of the features of the seismic wavefield on Europa, Titan, Ganymede, and Enceladus. In close connection with geophysical interior models, we analyze simulated seismic measurements of Europa and Titan that might be used to constrain geochemical parameters governing the habitability of a sub-ice ocean. Plain Language Summary Icy ocean worlds, like Europa or Titan harbor an ocean below a solid ice layer. This ocean may be habitable but is difficult to study from orbit. We demonstrated that surface-installed seismometers are able to measure ice thickness and ocean depth directly and help constrain ocean temperature and chemistry, which are both critical for potential habitability. This paper tries to bridge the gap between methods of seismology on Earth and potential icy moon seismology by adapting common concepts to this setting. Using seismic wavefield simulations on high-performance computers, we showcase a few tests for ice thickness, ocean depth, location of seismic events, and the existence of high-pressure ice layers below an ocean. The paper focuses on Europa and Titan, with a more general description of Ganymede and Enceladus. The seismic waveform databases are made available to the seismological and planetary community to allow other researchers to build their own studies on icy ocean world seismology.	[Staehler, Simon C.; van Driel, Martin] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Inst Geophys, Zurich, Switzerland; [Staehler, Simon C.] Leibniz Inst Balt Sea Res, Rostock, Germany; [Panning, Mark P.] Univ Florida, Dept Geol Sci, Gainesville, FL USA; [Panning, Mark P.; Vance, Steven D.; Kedar, Sharon] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Lorenz, Ralph D.] Johns Hopkins Univ, Appl Phys Lab, Laurel, MD USA; [Nissen-Meyer, Tarje] Univ Oxford, Dept Earth Sci, Oxford, England	Stahler, SC (corresponding author), Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Inst Geophys, Zurich, Switzerland.; Stahler, SC (corresponding author), Leibniz Inst Balt Sea Res, Rostock, Germany.	mail@simonstaehler.com	Vance, Steven/J-8887-2017; Stahler, Simon C./N-4211-2018; Panning, Mark P/B-3805-2011; Lorenz, Ralph/B-8759-2016	Vance, Steven/0000-0002-4242-3293; Stahler, Simon C./0000-0002-0783-2489; Panning, Mark P/0000-0002-2041-3190; Lorenz, Ralph/0000-0001-8528-4644; Nissen-Meyer, Tarje/0000-0002-9051-1060	Leibniz-Rechenzentrum Garching [pr63qo]; Swiss National Science Foundation (SNF-ANR)French National Research Agency (ANR) [157133]; Swiss National Supercomputing Center (CSCS) [sm682]; strategic research and technology funds from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Caltech; Icy Worlds node of NASA's Astrobiology Institute [13-13NAI7_2-0024]	The authors acknowledge computational support in the project pr63qo "3-D wave propagation and rupture: forward and inverse problem" at Leibniz-Rechenzentrum Garching. M. v. D. was supported by grants from the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNF-ANR project 157133 "Seismology on Mars") and the Swiss National Supercomputing Center (CSCS) under project ID sm682. This work was partially supported by strategic research and technology funds from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Caltech, and by the Icy Worlds node of NASA's Astrobiology Institute (13-13NAI7_2-0024). A part of the research was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The Instaseis wavefield databases are available at http://instaseis.ethz.ch. The scripts to reproduce the figures are available on the seismo-live website https://www.seismo-live.org. All rights reserved prior to publication.		95	11	11	0	14	AMER GEOPHYSICAL UNION	WASHINGTON	2000 FLORIDA AVE NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20009 USA	2169-9097	2169-9100		J GEOPHYS RES-PLANET	J. Geophys. Res.-Planets	JAN	2018	123	1			SI		206	232		10.1002/2017JE005338			27	Geochemistry & Geophysics	Geochemistry & Geophysics	FW8MY	WOS:000425590700012		Bronze			2020-09-09	
J	Alvarez, RM; Levin, I; Li, YM				Alvarez, R. Michael; Levin, Ines; Li, Yimeng			Fraud, convenience, and e-voting: how voting experience shapes opinions about voting technology	JOURNAL OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY & POLITICS			English	Article						Voting technology; election administration; matching	VOTER CONFIDENCE; PUBLIC-OPINION; ELECTION; IDENTIFICATION; PERCEPTIONS; REFORM; MATTER; LAWS	In this article, we study previous experiences with voting technologies, support for e-voting, and perceptions of voter fraud, using data from the 2015 Cooperative Congressional Election Study. We find that voters prefer systems they have used in the past, and that priming voters with voting fraud considerations causes them to support lower-tech alternatives to touch-screen voting machines - particularly among voters with previous experience using e-voting technologies to cast their votes. Our results suggest that as policy makers consider the adoption of new voting systems in their states and counties, they would be well-served to pay close attention to how the case for new voting technology is framed.	[Alvarez, R. Michael; Li, Yimeng] CALTECH, Div Humanities & Social Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Levin, Ines] Univ Calif Irvine, Dept Polit Sci, Irvine, CA USA	Alvarez, RM (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Humanities & Social Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	rma@hss.caltech.edu						35	2	2	0	5	ROUTLEDGE JOURNALS, TAYLOR & FRANCIS LTD	ABINGDON	2-4 PARK SQUARE, MILTON PARK, ABINGDON OX14 4RN, OXON, ENGLAND	1933-1681	1933-169X		J INF TECHNOL POLITI	J. Inf. Technol. Politics		2018	15	2					94	105		10.1080/19331681.2018.1460288			12	Communication; Political Science	Communication; Government & Law	GN4UT	WOS:000439033700002					2020-09-09	
J	Chatrchyan, S; Sirunyan, AM; Tumasyan, A; Litomin, A; Mossolov, V; Shumeiko, N; Van de Klundert, M; Van Haevermaet, H; Van Mechelen, P; Van Spilbeeck, A; Alves, GA; Alda, WL; Hensel, C; Carvalho, W; Chinellato, J; Martins, CD; Figueiredo, DM; Herrera, CM; Nogima, H; Da Silva, WLP; Manganote, EJT; Pereira, AV; Finger, M; Finger, M; Kveton, A; Tomsa, J; Adamov, G; Tsamalaidze, Z; Behrens, U; Borras, K; Campbell, A; Costanza, F; Gunnellini, P; Lobanov, A; Melzer-Pellmann, IA; Muhl, C; Roland, B; Sahin, M; Saxena, P; Hegde, V; Kothekar, K; Pandey, S; Sharma, S; Beri, SB; Bhawandeep, B; Chawla, R; Kalsi, A; Kaur, A; Kaur, M; Walia, G; Bhattacharya, S; Ghosh, S; Nandan, S; Purohit, A; Sharan, M; Banerjee, S; Bhattacharya, S; Chatterjee, S; Das, P; Guchait, M; Jain, S; Kumar, S; Maity, M; Majumder, G; Mazumdar, K; Patil, M; Sarkar, T; Juodagalvis, A; Afanasiev, S; Bunin, P; Ershov, Y; Golutvin, I; Malakhov, A; Moisenz, P; Smirnov, V; Zarubin, A; Chadeeva, M; Chistov, R; Danilov, M; Popova, E; Rusinov, V; Andreev, Y; Dermenev, A; Karneyeu, A; Krasnikov, N; Tlisov, D; Toropin, A; Epshteyn, V; Gavrilov, V; Lychkovskaya, N; Popov, V; Pozdnyakov, I; Safronov, G; Toms, M; Zhokin, A; Baskakov, A; Belyaev, A; Boos, E; Dubinin, M; Dudko, L; Ershov, A; Gribushin, A; Kaminskiy, A; Klyukhin, V; Kodolova, O; Lokhtin, I; Miagkov, I; Obraztsov, S; Petrushanko, S; Savrin, V; Snigirev, A; Andreev, V; Azarkin, M; Dremin, I; Kirakosyan, M; Leonidov, A; Terkulov, A; Bitioukov, S; Elumakhov, D; Kalinin, A; Krychkine, V; Mandrik, P; Petrov, V; Ryutin, R; Sobol, A; Troshin, S; Volkov, A; Sekmen, S; Medvedeva, T; Rumerio, P; Adiguzel, A; Bakirci, N; Boran, F; Cerci, S; Damarseckin, S; Demiroglu, ZS; Dolek, F; Dozen, C; Dumanoglu, I; Eskut, E; Girgis, S; Gokbulut, G; Guler, Y; Hos, I; Kangal, EE; Kara, O; Topaksu, AK; Isik, C; Kiminsu, U; Oglakci, M; Onengut, G; Ozdemir, K; Ozturk, S; Polatoz, A; Cerci, DS; Tali, B; Tok, UG; Topakli, H; Turkcapar, S; Zorbakir, IS; Zorbilmez, C; Bilin, B; Isildak, B; Karapinar, G; Guler, AM; Ocalan, K; Yalvac, M; Zeyrek, M; Atakisi, IO; Gulmez, E; Kaya, M; Kaya, O; Koseyan, OK; Ozcelik, O; Ozkorucuklu, S; Tekten, S; Yetkin, EA; Yetkin, T; Cankocak, K; Sen, S; Boyarintsev, A; Grynyov, B; Levchuk, L; Popov, V; Sorokin, P; Flacher, H; Borzou, A; Call, K; Dittmann, J; Hatakeyama, K; Liu, H; Pastika, N; Buccilli, A; Cooper, SI; Henderson, C; West, C; Arcaro, D; Gastler, D; Hazen, E; Rohlf, J; Sulak, L; Wu, S; Zou, D; Hakala, J; Heintz, U; Kwok, KHM; Laird, E; Landsberg, G; Mao, Z; Yu, DR; Gary, JW; Shirazi, SMG; Lacroix, F; Long, OR; Wei, H; Bhandari, R; Heller, R; Stuart, D; Yoo, JH; Chen, Y; Duarte, J; Lawhorn, JM; Nguyen, T; Spiropulu, M; Winn, D; Abdullin, S; Apresyan, A; Apyan, A; Banerjee, S; Chlebana, F; Freeman, J; Green, D; Hare, D; Hirschauer, J; Joshi, U; Lincoln, D; Los, S; Pedro, K; Spalding, WJ; Strobbe, N; Tkaczyk, S; Whitbeck, A; Linn, S; Markowitz, P; Martinez, G; Bertoldi, M; Hagopian, S; Hagopian, V; Kolberg, T; Baarmand, MM; Noonan, D; Roy, T; Yumiceva, F; Bilki, B; Clarida, W; Debbins, P; Dilsiz, K; Durgut, S; Gandrajula, RP; Haytmyradov, M; Khristenko, V; Merlo, JP; Mermerkaya, H; Mestvirishvili, A; Miller, M; Moeller, A; Nachtman, J; Ogul, H; Onel, Y; Ozok, F; Penzo, A; Schmidt, I; Snyder, C; Southwick, D; Tiras, E; Yi, K; Al-Bataineh, A; Bowen, J; Castle, J; McBrayer, W; Murray, M; Wang, Q; Kaadze, K; Maravin, Y; Mohammadi, A; Saini, LK; Baden, A; Belloni, A; Calderon, JD; Eno, SC; Feng, YB; Ferraioli, C; Grassi, T; Hadley, NJ; Jeng, GY; Kellogg, RG; Kunkle, J; Mignerey, A; Ricci-Tam, F; Shin, YH; Skuja, A; Yang, ZS; Yao, Y; Brandt, S; D'Alfonso, M; Hu, M; Klute, M; Niu, X; Chatterjee, RM; Evans, A; Frahm, E; Kubota, Y; Lesko, Z; Mans, J; Ruckstuhl, N; Heering, A; Karmgard, DJ; Musienko, Y; Ruchti, R; Wayne, M; Benaglia, AD; Mei, K; Tully, C; Bodek, A; de Barbaro, P; Galanti, M; Garcia-Bellido, A; Khukhunaishvili, A; Lo, KH; Vishnevskiy, D; Zielinski, M; Agapitos, A; Amouzegar, M; Chou, JP; Hughes, E; Saka, H; Sheffield, D; Akchurin, N; Damgov, J; De Guio, F; Dudero, PR; Faulkner, J; Gurpinar, E; Kunori, S; Lamichhane, K; Lee, SW; Libeiro, T; Mengke, T; Muthumuni, S; Undleeb, S; Volobouev, I; Wang, Z; Goadhouse, S; Hirosky, R; Wang, Y				Chatrchyan, S.; Sirunyan, A. M.; Tumasyan, A.; Litomin, A.; Mossolov, V.; Shumeiko, N.; Van de Klundert, M.; Van Haevermaet, H.; Van Mechelen, P.; Van Spilbeeck, A.; Alves, G. A.; Alda Junior, W. L.; Hensel, C.; Carvalho, W.; Chinellato, J.; De Oliveira Martins, C.; Matos Figueiredo, D.; Mora Herrera, C.; Nogima, H.; Prado Da Silva, W. L.; Tonelli Manganote, E. J.; Vilela Pereira, A.; Finger, M.; Finger, M., Jr.; Kveton, A.; Tomsa, J.; Adamov, G.; Tsamalaidze, Z.; Behrens, U.; Borras, K.; Campbell, A.; Costanza, F.; Gunnellini, P.; Lobanov, A.; Melzer-Pellmann, I. -A.; Muhl, C.; Roland, B.; Sahin, M.; Saxena, P.; Hegde, V.; Kothekar, K.; Pandey, S.; Sharma, S.; Beri, S. B.; Bhawandeep, B.; Chawla, R.; Kalsi, A.; Kaur, A.; Kaur, M.; Walia, G.; Bhattacharya, S.; Ghosh, S.; Nandan, S.; Purohit, A.; Sharan, M.; Banerjee, S.; Bhattacharya, S.; Chatterjee, S.; Das, P.; Guchait, M.; Jain, S.; Kumar, S.; Maity, M.; Majumder, G.; Mazumdar, K.; Patil, M.; Sarkar, T.; Juodagalvis, A.; Afanasiev, S.; Bunin, P.; Ershov, Y.; Golutvin, I.; Malakhov, A.; Moisenz, P.; Smirnov, V.; Zarubin, A.; Chadeeva, M.; Chistov, R.; Danilov, M.; Popova, E.; Rusinov, V.; Andreev, Yu.; Dermenev, A.; Karneyeu, A.; Krasnikov, N.; Tlisov, D.; Toropin, A.; Epshteyn, V.; Gavrilov, V.; Lychkovskaya, N.; Popov, V.; Pozdnyakov, I.; Safronov, G.; Toms, M.; Zhokin, A.; Baskakov, A.; Belyaev, A.; Boos, E.; Dubinin, M.; Dudko, L.; Ershov, A.; Gribushin, A.; Kaminskiy, A.; Klyukhin, V.; Kodolova, O.; Lokhtin, I.; Miagkov, I.; Obraztsov, S.; Petrushanko, S.; Savrin, V.; Snigirev, A.; Andreev, V.; Azarkin, M.; Dremin, I.; Kirakosyan, M.; Leonidov, A.; Terkulov, A.; Bitioukov, S.; Elumakhov, D.; Kalinin, A.; Krychkine, V.; Mandrik, P.; Petrov, V.; Ryutin, R.; Sobol, A.; Troshin, S.; Volkov, A.; Sekmen, S.; Medvedeva, T.; Rumerio, P.; Adiguzel, A.; Bakirci, N.; Boran, F.; Cerci, S.; Damarseckin, S.; Demiroglu, Z. S.; Dolek, F.; Dozen, C.; Dumanoglu, I.; Eskut, E.; Girgis, S.; Gokbulut, G.; Guler, Y.; Hos, I.; Kangal, E. E.; Kara, O.; Topaksu, A. Kayis; Isik, C.; Kiminsu, U.; Oglakci, M.; Onengut, G.; Ozdemir, K.; Ozturk, S.; Polatoz, A.; Cerci, D. Sunar; Tali, B.; Tok, U. G.; Topakli, H.; Turkcapar, S.; Zorbakir, I. S.; Zorbilmez, C.; Bilin, B.; Isildak, B.; Karapinar, G.; Guler, A. Murat; Ocalan, K.; Yalvac, M.; Zeyrek, M.; Atakisi, I. O.; Gulmez, E.; Kaya, M.; Kaya, O.; Koseyan, O. K.; Ozcelik, O.; Ozkorucuklu, S.; Tekten, S.; Yetkin, E. A.; Yetkin, T.; Cankocak, K.; Sen, S.; Boyarintsev, A.; Grynyov, B.; Levchuk, L.; Popov, V.; Sorokin, P.; Flacher, H.; Borzou, A.; Call, K.; Dittmann, J.; Hatakeyama, K.; Liu, H.; Pastika, N.; Buccilli, A.; Cooper, S. I.; Henderson, C.; West, C.; Arcaro, D.; Gastler, D.; Hazen, E.; Rohlf, J.; Sulak, L.; Wu, S.; Zou, D.; Hakala, J.; Heintz, U.; Kwok, K. H. M.; Laird, E.; Landsberg, G.; Mao, Z.; Yu, D. R.; Gary, J. W.; Shirazi, S. M. Ghiasi; Lacroix, F.; Long, O. R.; Wei, H.; Bhandari, R.; Heller, R.; Stuart, D.; Yoo, J. H.; Chen, Y.; Duarte, J.; Lawhorn, J. M.; Nguyen, T.; Spiropulu, M.; Winn, D.; Abdullin, S.; Apresyan, A.; Apyan, A.; Banerjee, S.; Chlebana, F.; Freeman, J.; Green, D.; Hare, D.; Hirschauer, J.; Joshi, U.; Lincoln, D.; Los, S.; Pedro, K.; Spalding, W. J.; Strobbe, N.; Tkaczyk, S.; Whitbeck, A.; Linn, S.; Markowitz, P.; Martinez, G.; Bertoldi, M.; Hagopian, S.; Hagopian, V.; Kolberg, T.; Baarmand, M. M.; Noonan, D.; Roy, T.; Yumiceva, F.; Bilki, B.; Clarida, W.; Debbins, P.; Dilsiz, K.; Durgut, S.; Gandrajula, R. P.; Haytmyradov, M.; Khristenko, V.; Merlo, J. -P.; Mermerkaya, H.; Mestvirishvili, A.; Miller, M.; Moeller, A.; Nachtman, J.; Ogul, H.; Onel, Y.; Ozok, F.; Penzo, A.; Schmidt, I.; Snyder, C.; Southwick, D.; Tiras, E.; Yi, K.; Al-Bataineh, A.; Bowen, J.; Castle, J.; McBrayer, W.; Murray, M.; Wang, Q.; Kaadze, K.; Maravin, Y.; Mohammadi, A.; Saini, L. K.; Baden, A.; Belloni, A.; Calderon, J. D.; Eno, S. C.; Feng, Y. B.; Ferraioli, C.; Grassi, T.; Hadley, N. J.; Jeng, G-Y; Kellogg, R. G.; Kunkle, J.; Mignerey, A.; Ricci-Tam, F.; Shin, Y. H.; Skuja, A.; Yang, Z. S.; Yao, Y.; Brandt, S.; D'Alfonso, M.; Hu, M.; Klute, M.; Niu, X.; Chatterjee, R. M.; Evans, A.; Frahm, E.; Kubota, Y.; Lesko, Z.; Mans, J.; Ruckstuhl, N.; Heering, A.; Karmgard, D. J.; Musienko, Y.; Ruchti, R.; Wayne, M.; Benaglia, A. D.; Mei, K.; Tully, C.; Bodek, A.; de Barbaro, P.; Galanti, M.; Garcia-Bellido, A.; Khukhunaishvili, A.; Lo, K. H.; Vishnevskiy, D.; Zielinski, M.; Agapitos, A.; Amouzegar, M.; Chou, J. P.; Hughes, E.; Saka, H.; Sheffield, D.; Akchurin, N.; Damgov, J.; De Guio, F.; Dudero, P. R.; Faulkner, J.; Gurpinar, E.; Kunori, S.; Lamichhane, K.; Lee, S. W.; Libeiro, T.; Mengke, T.; Muthumuni, S.; Undleeb, S.; Volobouev, I.; Wang, Z.; Goadhouse, S.; Hirosky, R.; Wang, Y.		CMS HCAL Collaboration	Brightness and uniformity measurements of plastic scintillator tiles at the CERN H2 test beam	JOURNAL OF INSTRUMENTATION			English	Article						Calorimeters; Radiation-hard detectors; Scintillators and scintillating fibres and light guides		We study the light output, light collection efficiency and signal timing of a variety of organic scintillators that are being considered for the upgrade of the hadronic calorimeter of the CMS detector. The experimental data are collected at the H2 test-beam area at CERN, using a 150 GeV muon beam. In particular, we investigate the usage of over-doped and green-emitting plastic scintillators, two solutions that have not been extensively considered. We present a study of the energy distribution in plastic-scintillator tiles, the hit efficiency as a function of the hit position, and a study of the signal timing for blue and green scintillators.	[Chatrchyan, S.; Sirunyan, A. M.; Tumasyan, A.] Yerevan Phys Inst, Yerevan, Armenia; [Litomin, A.; Mossolov, V.; Shumeiko, N.] Natl Ctr Particle & High Energy Phys, Minsk, BELARUS; [Van de Klundert, M.; Van Haevermaet, H.; Van Mechelen, P.; Van Spilbeeck, A.] Univ Antwerp, Antwerp, Belgium; [Alves, G. A.; Alda Junior, W. L.; Hensel, C.] Ctr Brasileiro Pesquisas Fis, Rio De Janeiro, Brazil; [Carvalho, W.; Chinellato, J.; De Oliveira Martins, C.; Matos Figueiredo, D.; Mora Herrera, C.; Nogima, H.; Prado Da Silva, W. L.; Tonelli Manganote, E. J.; Vilela Pereira, A.] Univ Estado Rio de Janeiro, Rio De Janeiro, Brazil; [Finger, M.; Finger, M., Jr.; Kveton, A.; Tomsa, J.] Charles Univ Prague, Prague, Czech Republic; [Adamov, G.; Tsamalaidze, Z.] Tbilisi State Univ, Inst High Energy Phys & Informat, Tbilisi, Georgia; [Behrens, U.; Borras, K.; Campbell, A.; Costanza, F.; Gunnellini, P.; Lobanov, A.; Melzer-Pellmann, I. -A.; Muhl, C.; Roland, B.; Sahin, M.; Saxena, P.] Deutsch Elekt Synchrotron, Hamburg, Germany; [Hegde, V.; Kothekar, K.; Pandey, S.; Sharma, S.] Indian Inst Sci Educ & Res, Pune, Maharashtra, India; [Beri, S. B.; Bhawandeep, B.; Chawla, R.; Kalsi, A.; Kaur, A.; Kaur, M.; Walia, G.] Panjab Univ, Chandigarh, India; [Bhattacharya, S.; Ghosh, S.; Nandan, S.; Purohit, A.; Sharan, M.] Saha Inst Nucl Phys, Kolkata, India; [Banerjee, S.; Bhattacharya, S.; Chatterjee, S.; Das, P.; Guchait, M.; Jain, S.; Kumar, S.; Maity, M.; Majumder, G.; Mazumdar, K.; Patil, M.; Sarkar, T.] Tata Inst Fundamental Res B, Bombay, Maharashtra, India; [Juodagalvis, A.] Vilnius Univ, Vilnius, Lithuania; [Tsamalaidze, Z.; Afanasiev, S.; Bunin, P.; Ershov, Y.; Golutvin, I.; Malakhov, A.; Moisenz, P.; Smirnov, V.; Zarubin, A.] Joint Inst Nucl Res, Dubna, Russia; [Chadeeva, M.; Chistov, R.; Danilov, M.; Popova, E.; Rusinov, V.] Natl Res Nucl Univ, Moscow Engn Phys Inst, Moscow, Russia; [Andreev, Yu.; Dermenev, A.; Karneyeu, A.; Krasnikov, N.; Tlisov, D.; Toropin, A.; Musienko, Y.] Inst Nucl Res, Moscow, Russia; [Epshteyn, V.; Gavrilov, V.; Lychkovskaya, N.; Popov, V.; Pozdnyakov, I.; Safronov, G.; Toms, M.; Zhokin, A.] Inst Theoret & Expt Phys, Moscow, Russia; [Baskakov, A.; Belyaev, A.; Boos, E.; Dubinin, M.; Dudko, L.; Ershov, A.; Gribushin, A.; Kaminskiy, A.; Klyukhin, V.; Kodolova, O.; Lokhtin, I.; Miagkov, I.; Obraztsov, S.; Petrushanko, S.; Savrin, V.; Snigirev, A.] Moscow MV Lomonosov State Univ, Moscow, Russia; [Andreev, V.; Azarkin, M.; Dremin, I.; Kirakosyan, M.; Leonidov, A.; Terkulov, A.] PN Lebedev Phys Inst, Moscow, Russia; [Petrushanko, S.; Bitioukov, S.; Elumakhov, D.; Kalinin, A.; Krychkine, V.; Mandrik, P.; Petrov, V.; Ryutin, R.; Sobol, A.; Troshin, S.; Volkov, A.] Inst High Energy Phys, State Res Ctr Russian Federat, Protvino, Russia; [Sekmen, S.] Kyungpook Natl Univ, Daegu, South Korea; [Medvedeva, T.; Rumerio, P.] European Org Nucl Res, CERN, Geneva, Switzerland; [Adiguzel, A.; Bakirci, N.; Boran, F.; Cerci, S.; Damarseckin, S.; Demiroglu, Z. S.; Dolek, F.; Dozen, C.; Dumanoglu, I.; Eskut, E.; Girgis, S.; Gokbulut, G.; Guler, Y.; Hos, I.; Kangal, E. E.; Kara, O.; Topaksu, A. Kayis; Isik, C.; Kiminsu, U.; Oglakci, M.; Onengut, G.; Ozdemir, K.; Ozturk, S.; Polatoz, A.; Cerci, D. Sunar; Tali, B.; Tok, U. G.; Topakli, H.; Turkcapar, S.; Zorbakir, I. S.; Zorbilmez, C.] Cukurova Univ, Adana, Turkey; [Bilin, B.; Isildak, B.; Karapinar, G.; Guler, A. Murat; Ocalan, K.; Yalvac, M.; Zeyrek, M.] Middle East Tech Univ, Phys Dept, Ankara, Turkey; [Atakisi, I. O.; Gulmez, E.; Kaya, M.; Kaya, O.; Koseyan, O. K.; Ozcelik, O.; Ozkorucuklu, S.; Tekten, S.; Yetkin, E. A.; Yetkin, T.] Bogazici Univ, Istanbul, Turkey; [Cankocak, K.; Sen, S.] Istanbul Tech Univ, Istanbul, Turkey; [Boyarintsev, A.; Grynyov, B.] Natl Acad Sci, Inst Scintillat Mat, Kharkov, Ukraine; [Popov, V.; Levchuk, L.; Sorokin, P.] Kharkov Inst Phys & Technol, Natl Sci Ctr, Kharkov, Ukraine; [Flacher, H.] Univ Bristol, Bristol, Avon, England; [Borzou, A.; Call, K.; Dittmann, J.; Hatakeyama, K.; Liu, H.; Pastika, N.] Baylor Univ, Waco, TX 76798 USA; [Rumerio, P.; Buccilli, A.; Cooper, S. I.; Henderson, C.; West, C.] Univ Alabama, Tuscaloosa, AL 35401 USA; [Borzou, A.; Arcaro, D.; Gastler, D.; Hazen, E.; Rohlf, J.; Sulak, L.; Wu, S.; Zou, D.] Boston Univ, Boston, MA 02215 USA; [Hakala, J.; Heintz, U.; Kwok, K. H. M.; Laird, E.; Landsberg, G.; Mao, Z.; Yu, D. R.] Brown Univ, Providence, RI 02912 USA; [Gary, J. W.; Shirazi, S. M. Ghiasi; Lacroix, F.; Long, O. R.; Wei, H.] Univ Calif Riverside, Riverside, CA 92521 USA; [Bhandari, R.; Heller, R.; Stuart, D.; Yoo, J. H.] Univ Calif Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, CA 93106 USA; [Dubinin, M.; Chen, Y.; Duarte, J.; Lawhorn, J. M.; Nguyen, T.; Spiropulu, M.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Winn, D.] Fairfield Univ, Fairfield, CT 06430 USA; [Banerjee, S.; Abdullin, S.; Apresyan, A.; Apyan, A.; Chlebana, F.; Freeman, J.; Green, D.; Hare, D.; Hirschauer, J.; Joshi, U.; Lincoln, D.; Los, S.; Pedro, K.; Spalding, W. J.; Strobbe, N.; Tkaczyk, S.; Whitbeck, A.] Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, POB 500, Batavia, IL 60510 USA; [Linn, S.; Markowitz, P.; Martinez, G.] Florida Int Univ, Miami, FL 33199 USA; [Bertoldi, M.; Hagopian, S.; Hagopian, V.; Kolberg, T.] Florida State Univ, Tallahassee, FL 32306 USA; [Baarmand, M. M.; Noonan, D.; Roy, T.; Yumiceva, F.] Florida Inst Technol, Melbourne, FL 32901 USA; [Tonelli Manganote, E. J.; Topaksu, A. Kayis; Bilki, B.; Clarida, W.; Debbins, P.; Dilsiz, K.; Durgut, S.; Gandrajula, R. P.; Haytmyradov, M.; Khristenko, V.; Merlo, J. -P.; Mermerkaya, H.; Mestvirishvili, A.; Miller, M.; Moeller, A.; Nachtman, J.; Ogul, H.; Ozok, F.; Penzo, A.; Schmidt, I.; Snyder, C.; Southwick, D.; Tiras, E.; Yi, K.] Univ Iowa, Iowa City, IA USA; [Al-Bataineh, A.; Bowen, J.; Castle, J.; McBrayer, W.; Murray, M.; Wang, Q.] Univ Kansas, Lawrence, KS 66045 USA; [Kaadze, K.; Maravin, Y.; Mohammadi, A.; Saini, L. K.] Kansas State Univ, Manhattan, KS 66506 USA; [Baden, A.; Belloni, A.; Calderon, J. D.; Eno, S. C.; Feng, Y. B.; Ferraioli, C.; Grassi, T.; Hadley, N. J.; Jeng, G-Y; Kellogg, R. G.; Kunkle, J.; Mignerey, A.; Ricci-Tam, F.; Shin, Y. H.; Skuja, A.; Yang, Z. S.; Yao, Y.] Univ Maryland, College Pk, MD 20742 USA; [Brandt, S.; D'Alfonso, M.; Hu, M.; Klute, M.; Niu, X.] MIT, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Chatterjee, R. M.; Evans, A.; Frahm, E.; Kubota, Y.; Lesko, Z.; Mans, J.; Ruckstuhl, N.] Univ Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN USA; [Heering, A.; Karmgard, D. J.; Musienko, Y.; Ruchti, R.; Wayne, M.] Univ Notre Dame, Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA; [Benaglia, A. D.; Mei, K.; Tully, C.] Princeton Univ, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Bodek, A.; de Barbaro, P.; Galanti, M.; Garcia-Bellido, A.; Khukhunaishvili, A.; Lo, K. H.; Vishnevskiy, D.; Zielinski, M.] Univ Rochester, Rochester, NY 14627 USA; [Agapitos, A.; Amouzegar, M.; Chou, J. P.; Hughes, E.; Saka, H.; Sheffield, D.] Rutgers State Univ, Piscataway, NJ USA; [Kunkle, J.; Akchurin, N.; Damgov, J.; De Guio, F.; Dudero, P. R.; Faulkner, J.; Gurpinar, E.; Kunori, S.; Lamichhane, K.; Lee, S. W.; Libeiro, T.; Mengke, T.; Muthumuni, S.; Undleeb, S.; Volobouev, I.; Wang, Z.] Texas Tech Univ, Lubbock, TX 79409 USA; [Goadhouse, S.; Hirosky, R.; Wang, Y.] Univ Virginia, Charlottesville, VA USA; [Bakirci, N.; Ozturk, S.; Topakli, H.] Gaziosmanpasa Univ, Tokat, Turkey; [Cerci, S.; Cerci, D. Sunar; Tali, B.] Adiyaman Univ, Adiyaman, Turkey; [Ozdemir, K.] Piri Reis Univ, Istanbul, Turkey; [Ocalan, K.] Necmettin Erbakan Univ, Konya, Turkey; [Atakisi, I. O.; Kaya, M.] Marmara Univ, Istanbul, Turkey; [Kaya, O.; Tekten, S.] Kafkas Univ, Kars, Turkey; [Ozcelik, O.; Ozok, F.] Mimar Sinan Univ, Istanbul, Turkey; [Ozkorucuklu, S.] Istanbul Univ, Istanbul, Turkey; [Yetkin, E. A.] Istanbul Bilgi Univ, Istanbul, Turkey; [Yetkin, T.] Yildiz Tech Univ, Istanbul, Turkey; [Sen, S.] Hacettepe Univ, Ankara, Turkey; [Bilki, B.] Beykent Univ, Istanbul, Turkey; [Mermerkaya, H.] Erzincan Univ, Erzincan, Turkey; [Calderon, J. D.] NOAA, Silver Spring, MD USA; [Yao, Y.] Univ Calif Davis, Davis, CA 95616 USA; [Benaglia, A. D.] Ist Nazl Fis Nucl, Sez Milano Bicocca, Milan, Italy	Chatrchyan, S (corresponding author), Yerevan Phys Inst, Yerevan, Armenia.	abelloni@umd.edu	Bodek, Arie/AAD-2811-2019; Danilov, Mikhail/C-5380-2014; Dremin, Igor/K-8053-2015; Cankocak, Kerem/A-1507-2018; Chadeeva, Marina/W-3846-2019; Gulmez, Erhan/P-9518-2015; Andreev, Vladimir F/M-8665-2015; Adiguzel, Aytul/AAC-9049-2020; Dubinin, Mikhail N/I-3942-2016; Terkulov, Adel/M-8581-2015; Baskakov, Alexey V./O-4521-2017; dumanoglu, isa/C-3627-2018; Markowitz, Pete/AAC-3382-2020; Smirnov, Vitaly A/B-5001-2017; Juodagalvis, Andrius/F-6952-2018; Андреев, Юрий/AAK-9717-2020; Yetkin, E. Asli/AAQ-8732-2020; Guler, Y./AAG-7833-2019; Chadeeva, Marina/C-8789-2016; Safronov, Grigory/F-8494-2017; de Paula Carvalho, Wagner/V-3343-2019; Eskut, Eda/B-8905-2018; Chistov, Ruslan N/B-4893-2014; Kveton, Antonin/AAA-9178-2020; Kirakosyan, Martin R./N-2701-2015; Polatoz, Ayse/C-3463-2018; Dermenev, Alexander/M-4979-2013; Azarkin, Maxim/N-2578-2015; Herrera, Maria Clemencia Mora/L-3893-2016; B., Grynyov/D-1714-2010; Guler, Emine Gurpinar/AAH-4748-2019; Chistov, Ruslan/R-5574-2019; Klyukhin, Vyacheslav I/D-6850-2012; Manganote, Edmilson J.T./K-8251-2013; Duarte, Javier/AAA-5414-2020; Ozdemir, Kadri/P-8058-2014; Ozkorucuklu, Suat/AAE-7535-2020; Chadeeva, Marina/M-9644-2019; Petrushanko, Sergey/D-6880-2012; Lokhtin, Igor/D-7004-2012; TOPAKSU, Aysel KAYIS/B-8910-2018; Vilela Pereira, Antonio/L-4142-2016; Belyaev, Alexander/F-6637-2015	Bodek, Arie/0000-0003-0409-0341; Danilov, Mikhail/0000-0001-9227-5164; Cankocak, Kerem/0000-0002-3829-3481; Gulmez, Erhan/0000-0002-6353-518X; Andreev, Vladimir F/0000-0002-5492-6920; Adiguzel, Aytul/0000-0001-6644-0517; Dubinin, Mikhail N/0000-0002-7766-7175; Terkulov, Adel/0000-0003-4985-3226; Baskakov, Alexey V./0000-0002-3970-8407; Juodagalvis, Andrius/0000-0002-1501-3328; Андреев, Юрий/0000-0002-7397-9665; Yetkin, E. Asli/0000-0002-9007-8260; Guler, Y./0000-0001-7598-5252; Chadeeva, Marina/0000-0003-1814-1218; de Paula Carvalho, Wagner/0000-0003-0738-6615; Chistov, Ruslan N/0000-0003-1439-8390; Kveton, Antonin/0000-0001-8197-1914; Azarkin, Maxim/0000-0002-7448-1447; Herrera, Maria Clemencia Mora/0000-0003-3915-3170; Guler, Emine Gurpinar/0000-0002-6172-0285; Chistov, Ruslan/0000-0003-1439-8390; Klyukhin, Vyacheslav I/0000-0002-8577-6531; Manganote, Edmilson J.T./0000-0003-2459-8521; Duarte, Javier/0000-0002-5076-7096; Ozdemir, Kadri/0000-0002-0103-1488; Ozkorucuklu, Suat/0000-0001-5153-9266; Chadeeva, Marina/0000-0003-1814-1218; TOPAKSU, Aysel KAYIS/0000-0001-5819-6913; Tully, Christopher/0000-0001-6771-2174; Lawhorn, Jay/0000-0002-8597-9259; Zorbakir, Ibrahim Soner/0000-0002-5962-2221; Belloni, Alberto/0000-0002-1727-656X; Vilela Pereira, Antonio/0000-0003-3177-4626; Belyaev, Alexander/0000-0002-1733-4408; HOS, ILKNUR/0000-0002-7678-1101; Yumiceva, Francisco/0000-0003-2436-5074; Landsberg, Greg/0000-0002-4184-9380; OZOK, FERHAT/0000-0001-9630-7362; Kayis Topaksu, Aysel/0000-0002-3169-4573; De Guio, Federico/0000-0001-5927-8865; Maity, Manas/0000-0002-3237-3608; Al-bataineh, Ayman Ahmad/0000-0003-4026-7626; Lacroix, Florent/0000-0002-4304-8843; Libeiro, Terence/0000-0003-0623-7909; Oglakci, Mehmet/0000-0003-1096-5087; Ricci-Tam, Francesca/0000-0001-9750-7702; KARAPINAR, GULER/0000-0003-2026-3185; Lokhtin, Igor/0000-0002-4457-8678; Markowitz, Pete/0000-0002-5661-586X; Mandrik, Petr/0000-0001-5197-046X; Lychkovskaya, Natalia/0000-0001-5084-9019; Kothekar, Kunal/0000-0001-5102-4326	U.S. Department of Energy GrantsUnited States Department of Energy (DOE)	The authors would like to thank CERN for the operations of the SPS accelerator; Dragoslav Lazic for supporting operations in the H2 test-beam area; Janina Gielata (FNAL) for the preparation of optical connections. This work was supported in part by U.S. Department of Energy Grants.		5	1	1	1	19	IOP PUBLISHING LTD	BRISTOL	TEMPLE CIRCUS, TEMPLE WAY, BRISTOL BS1 6BE, ENGLAND	1748-0221			J INSTRUM	J. Instrum.	JAN	2018	13								P01002	10.1088/1748-0221/13/01/P01002			17	Instruments & Instrumentation	Instruments & Instrumentation	FR9KN	WOS:000419392700001		Green Accepted, Other Gold			2020-09-09	
J	Dunlop, MM; Girolami, MA; Stuart, AM; Teckentrup, AL				Dunlop, Matthew M.; Girolami, Mark A.; Stuart, Andrew M.; Teckentrup, Aretha L.			How Deep Are Deep Gaussian Processes?	JOURNAL OF MACHINE LEARNING RESEARCH			English	Article						deep learning; deep Gaussian processes; deep kernels	CALIBRATION; FIELDS	Recent research has shown the potential utility of deep Gaussian processes. These deep structures are probability distributions, designed through hierarchical construction, which are conditionally Gaussian. In this paper, the current published body of work is placed in a common framework and, through recursion, several classes of deep Gaussian processes are defined. The resulting samples generated from a deep Gaussian process have a Markovian structure with respect to the depth parameter, and the effective depth of the resulting process is interpreted in terms of the ergodicity, or non-ergodicity, of the resulting Markov chain. For the classes of deep Gaussian processes introduced, we provide results concerning their ergodicity and hence their effective depth. We also demonstrate how these processes may be used for inference; in particular we show how a Metropolis-within-Gibbs construction across the levels of the hierarchy can be used to derive sampling tools which are robust to the level of resolution used to represent the functions on a computer. For illustration, we consider the effect of ergodicity in some simple numerical examples.	[Dunlop, Matthew M.; Stuart, Andrew M.] CALTECH, Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Girolami, Mark A.] Imperial Coll London, Dept Math, London SW7 2AZ, England; [Girolami, Mark A.; Teckentrup, Aretha L.] Alan Turing Inst, 96 Euston Rd, London NW1 2DB, England; [Teckentrup, Aretha L.] Univ Edinburgh, Sch Math, Edinburgh EH9 3FD, Midlothian, Scotland	Dunlop, MM (corresponding author), CALTECH, Comp & Math Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	MDUNLOP@CALTECH.EDU; M.GIROLAMI@IMPERIAL.AC.UK; ASTUART@CALTECH.EDU; A.TECKENTRUP@ED.AC.UK			EPSRCEngineering & Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) [EP/J016934/3, EP/R034710/1, EP/R018413/1, EP/R004889/1, EP/P020720/1]; Royal Academy of Engineering Research Chair; Lloyds Register Foundation Programme on Data Centric Engineering; AFOSRUnited States Department of DefenseAir Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR) [FA9550-17-1-0185]; US National Science Foundation (NSF)National Science Foundation (NSF) [DMS 1818977]; Alan Turing Institute under the EPSRC [EP/N510129/1]	MG is supported by EPSRC grants [EP/R034710/1, EP/R018413/1, EP/R004889/1, EP/P020720/1], an EPSRC Established Career Fellowship EP/J016934/3, a Royal Academy of Engineering Research Chair, and The Lloyds Register Foundation Programme on Data Centric Engineering. AMS is supported by AFOSR Grant FA9550-17-1-0185 and by US National Science Foundation (NSF) grant DMS 1818977. ALT is partially supported by The Alan Turing Institute under the EPSRC grant EP/N510129/1.		39	11	11	1	5	MICROTOME PUBL	BROOKLINE	31 GIBBS ST, BROOKLINE, MA 02446 USA	1532-4435			J MACH LEARN RES	J. Mach. Learn. Res.		2018	19								54				46	Automation & Control Systems; Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence	Automation & Control Systems; Computer Science	GY2MX	WOS:000448378300001					2020-09-09	
J	Jow, TR; Delp, SA; Allen, JL; Jones, JP; Smart, MC				Jow, T. Richard; Delp, Samuel A.; Allen, Jan L.; Jones, John-Paul; Smart, Marshall C.			Factors Limiting Li+ Charge Transfer Kinetics in Li-Ion Batteries	JOURNAL OF THE ELECTROCHEMICAL SOCIETY			English	Article							LIFEPO4 PHASE-TRANSITION; LOW-TEMPERATURE; ELECTROLYTES; INTERFACE; CONDUCTIVITY; LIQUID; CELLS; DICARBONATE; PERFORMANCE; ADDITIVES	Understanding the factors limiting Li+ charge transfer kinetics in Li-ion batteries is essential in improving the rate performance, especially at lower temperatures. The Li+ charge transfer process involved in the lithium intercalation of graphite anode includes the step of de-solvation of the solvated Li+ in the liquid electrolyte and the step of transport of Li+ in the preformed solid electrolyte interphase (SEI) on electrodes until the Li+ accepts an electron at the electrode and becomes a Li in the electrode. Whether the de-solvation process or the Li+ transport through the SEI is a limiting step depends on the nature of the interphases at the electrode and electrolyte interfaces. Several examples involving the electrode materials such as graphite, lithium titanate (LTO), lithium iron phosphate (LFP), lithium nickel cobalt aluminum oxide (NCA) and solid Li+ conductor such as lithium lanthanum titanate or Li-Al-Ti-phosphate are reviewed and discussed to clarify the conditions at which either the de-solvation or the transport of Li+ in SEI is dominating and how the electrolyte components affect the activation energy of Li+ charge transfer kinetics. How the electrolyte additives impact the Li+ charge transfer kinetics at both the anode and the cathode has been examined at the same time in 3-electrode full cells. The resulting impact on Li+ charge transfer resistance, R-ct, and activation energy, E-a, at both electrodes are reported and discussed. (C) The Author(s) 2018. Published by ECS. This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.	[Jow, T. Richard; Delp, Samuel A.; Allen, Jan L.] US Army, Res Lab, Adelphi, MD 20783 USA; [Jones, John-Paul; Smart, Marshall C.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Jow, TR (corresponding author), US Army, Res Lab, Adelphi, MD 20783 USA.	t.r.jow.civ@mail.mil		Jones, John-Paul/0000-0001-8654-2967; Jow, Taiguang/0000-0003-1615-8593; Allen, Jan/0000-0003-3353-1142	NASA Planetary Sciences Division (PSD)	Some work described here was carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and supported by the NASA Planetary Sciences Division (PSD). The authors also wish to thank Oleg Borodin of the U.S. Army Research Laboratory for helpful discussion.		39	52	52	28	84	ELECTROCHEMICAL SOC INC	PENNINGTON	65 SOUTH MAIN STREET, PENNINGTON, NJ 08534 USA	0013-4651	1945-7111		J ELECTROCHEM SOC	J. Electrochem. Soc.		2018	165	2					A361	A367		10.1149/2.1221802jes			7	Electrochemistry; Materials Science, Coatings & Films	Electrochemistry; Materials Science	GF2RG	WOS:000431786800048					2020-09-09	
J	Banerjee, S; Wu, F; Myung, Y; Chatman, S; Niedzwiedzki, DM; Banerjee, P				Banerjee, Sriya; Wu, Fei; Myung, Yoon; Chatman, Shawn; Niedzwiedzki, Dariusz M.; Banerjee, Parag			Amorphous Cu2-delta O as Passivation Layer for Ultra Long Stability of Copper Oxide Nanowires in Photoelectrochemical Environments	JOURNAL OF THE ELECTROCHEMICAL SOCIETY			English	Article							SOLAR-HYDROGEN-PRODUCTION; WATER REDUCTION; NANOSTRUCTURED TIO2; CUO PHOTOCATHODE; CU2O; ARRAYS; SEMICONDUCTORS; PERFORMANCE; DEPOSITION; COMPOSITE	Core-shell CuO-Cu2O nanowires with a surface amorphous Cu2-delta O layer leads to high stability photocathodes for use in photoelectrochemical splitting of water. The nanowires are synthesized via carbothermal reduction of CuO nanowires at 300 degrees C during which a 2-3nm conformal and amorphous Cu2-delta O layer is formed on the nanowire surface. This Cu2-delta O layer enhances photocurrent and improves photocorrosion stability of the nanowires. While catalyst-free, pristine CuO nanowires show a photocurrent density is 0.50 mA/cm(2) and a stability of 53% after 3.4 hours of testing at -0.50 V under AM1.5 G conditions; the catalyst-free, carbothermally reduced nanowires achieve a photocurrent density of 0.75 mA/cm(2) and an improved stability of 96% under identical test conditions. The mechanism of enhanced photocurrent and its stability is discussed in the context of extensive pre and post test nanowire characterization. (C) 2018 The Electrochemical Society.	[Banerjee, Sriya; Wu, Fei; Myung, Yoon; Banerjee, Parag] Washington Univ, Dept Mech Engn & Mat Sci, St Louis, MO 63130 USA; [Myung, Yoon] Sejong Univ, Dept Nanotechnol & Adv Mat Engn, Seoul 05006, South Korea; [Chatman, Shawn] CALTECH, Joint Ctr Artificial Photosynth, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Niedzwiedzki, Dariusz M.] Washington Univ, Photosynthet Antenna Res Ctr, St Louis, MO 63130 USA	Banerjee, P (corresponding author), Washington Univ, Dept Mech Engn & Mat Sci, St Louis, MO 63130 USA.	parag.banerjee@wustl.edu	Niedzwiedzki, Dariusz/B-9035-2008; Chatman, Shawn M E/J-9892-2012	Niedzwiedzki, Dariusz/0000-0002-1976-9296; Chatman, Shawn M E/0000-0002-7951-5968; Banerjee, Parag/0000-0003-0401-8155	US-India Partnership to Advance Clean Energy-Research (PACE-R) for the Solar Energy Research Institute for India and the United States (SERIIUS) - U.S. Department of Energy (Office of Science); US-India Partnership to Advance Clean Energy-Research (PACE-R) for the Solar Energy Research Institute for India and the United States (SERIIUS) - U.S. Department of Energy (Office of Basic Energy Sciences); US-India Partnership to Advance Clean Energy-Research (PACE-R) for the Solar Energy Research Institute for India and the United States (SERIIUS) - U.S. Department of Energy (Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Solar Energy Technology Program) [DEAC36-08GO28308]; Government of India, through the Department of Science and Technology under Subcontract IUSSTF/JCERDC-SERIIUS/2012; NSF CBET MRI grant [1337374]	Partial support is acknowledged from the US-India Partnership to Advance Clean Energy-Research (PACE-R) for the Solar Energy Research Institute for India and the United States (SERIIUS), funded jointly by the U.S. Department of Energy (Office of Science, Office of Basic Energy Sciences, and Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Solar Energy Technology Program, under Subcontract DEAC36-08GO28308 to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, Golden, CO) and the Government of India, through the Department of Science and Technology under Subcontract IUSSTF/JCERDC-SERIIUS/2012 dated 22nd Nov 2012. The XPS measurements were made possible through the support from NSF CBET MRI grant #1337374. Microscopy facilities in the Institute of Materials Science and Engineering (I-MSE), Washington University is acknowledged. Support from Professor Pratim Biswas' group at Washington University is acknowledged for use of the photoelectrochemical characterization facility. The Photosynthetic Antenna Research Center at Washington University is acknowledged for performing the transient absorption spectroscopy measurements.		54	2	2	4	22	ELECTROCHEMICAL SOC INC	PENNINGTON	65 SOUTH MAIN STREET, PENNINGTON, NJ 08534 USA	0013-4651	1945-7111		J ELECTROCHEM SOC	J. Electrochem. Soc.		2018	165	7					H417	H424		10.1149/2.1131807jes			8	Electrochemistry; Materials Science, Coatings & Films	Electrochemistry; Materials Science	GP5KJ	WOS:000440912000126					2020-09-09	
S	Koehler, P; Ruskuc, A; Weber, MA; Frosz, MH; Andres-Arroyo, A; Russell, PS; Euser, TG		Dudley, A; Laskin, AV		Koehler, Philipp; Ruskuc, Andrei; Weber, Marius A.; Frosz, Michael H.; Andres-Arroyo, Ana; Russell, Philip St. J.; Euser, Tijmen G.			Excitation of higher-order modes in optofluidic hollow-core photonic crystal fiber	LASER BEAM SHAPING XVIII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Laser Beam Shaping XVIII	AUG 20-21, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		Photonic crystal fibers; Microstructured fibers; Spatial light modulators	LIGHT; SCATTERING; PCF	Higher-order modes are controllably excited in water-filled kagome-, bandgap-style, and simplified hollow-core photonic crystal fibers (HC-PCF). A spatial light modulator is used to create amplitude and phase distributions that closely match those of the fiber modes, resulting in typical launch efficiencies of 10-20% into the liquid-filled core. Modes, excited across the visible wavelength range, closely resemble those observed in air-filled kagome HC-PCF and match numerical simulations. These results provide a framework for spatially-resolved sensing in HC-PCF microreactors and fiber-based optical manipulation.	[Koehler, Philipp; Ruskuc, Andrei; Weber, Marius A.; Andres-Arroyo, Ana; Euser, Tijmen G.] Univ Cambridge, Dept Phys, Cavendish Lab, NanoPhoton Ctr, JJ Thomson Ave, Cambridge CB3 0HE, England; [Ruskuc, Andrei] CALTECH, TJ Watson Lab Appl Phys, 1200 E Calif Blvd MC 128-95, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Frosz, Michael H.; Russell, Philip St. J.] Max Planck Inst Sci Light, Staudtstr 2, D-91058 Erlangen, Germany	Koehler, P (corresponding author), Univ Cambridge, Dept Phys, Cavendish Lab, NanoPhoton Ctr, JJ Thomson Ave, Cambridge CB3 0HE, England.	pk428@cam.ac.uk	Frosz, Michael/A-9564-2009; Euser, Tijmen G/A-2876-2014	Frosz, Michael/0000-0002-8857-0029; Euser, Tijmen G/0000-0002-8305-9598				23	0	0	1	6	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2060-5	PROC SPIE			2018	10744								UNSP 107440N	10.1117/12.2320594			5	Optics; Physics, Applied	Optics; Physics	BL5UY	WOS:000452820400017		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Imasato, K; Kang, SD; Ohno, S; Snyder, GJ				Imasato, Kazuki; Kang, Stephen Dongmin; Ohno, Saneyuki; Snyder, G. Jeffrey			Band engineering in Mg3Sb2 by alloying with Mg3Bi2 for enhanced thermoelectric performance	MATERIALS HORIZONS			English	Article							ZINTL COMPOUNDS	Mg3Sb2-Mg3Bi2 alloys show excellent thermoelectric properties. The benefit of alloying has been attributed to the reduction in lattice thermal conductivity. However, Mg3Bi2-alloying may also be expected to significantly change the electronic structure. By comparatively modeling the transport properties of n- and p-type Mg3Sb2-Mg3Bi2 and also Mg3Bi2-alloyed and non-alloyed samples, we elucidate the origin of the highest zT composition where electronic properties account for about 50% of the improvement. We find that Mg3Bi2 alloying increases the weighted mobility while reducing the band gap. The reduced band gap is found not to compromise the thermoelectric performance for a small amount of Mg3Bi2 because the peak zT in unalloyed Mg3Sb2 is at a temperature higher than the stable range for the material. By quantifying the electronic influence of Mg3Bi2 alloying, we model the optimum Mg3Bi2 content for thermoelectrics to be in the range of 20-30%, consistent with the most commonly reported composition Mg3Sb1.5Bi0.5.	[Imasato, Kazuki; Kang, Stephen Dongmin; Ohno, Saneyuki; Snyder, G. Jeffrey] Northwestern Univ, Dept Mat Sci & Engn, Evanston, IL 60208 USA; [Kang, Stephen Dongmin; Ohno, Saneyuki] CALTECH, Dept Appl Phys & Mat Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Ohno, Saneyuki] Justus Liebig Univ Giessen, Inst Phys Chem, Heinrich Buff Ring 17, D-35392 Giessen, Germany	Snyder, GJ (corresponding author), Northwestern Univ, Dept Mat Sci & Engn, Evanston, IL 60208 USA.	jeff.snyder@northwestern.edu	Imasato, Kazuki/AAE-7391-2019; Snyder, G J/I-2263-2015; Kang, Stephen Dongmin/AAX-7928-2020; Snyder, G. Jeffrey/E-4453-2011; Ohno, Saneyuki/S-7732-2018	Imasato, Kazuki/0000-0001-7294-1780; Kang, Stephen Dongmin/0000-0002-7491-7933; Snyder, G. Jeffrey/0000-0003-1414-8682; Ohno, Saneyuki/0000-0001-8192-996X	U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Science, Basic Energy Sciences through the Solid-State Solar-Thermal Energy Conversion Center (S3TEC), an Energy Frontier Research CenterUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-SC0001299]; NASA Science Mission Directorate's Radioisotope Power Systems Thermoelectric Technology Development program; Funai Foundation for Information Technology	The authors would like to acknowledge support from the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Science, Basic Energy Sciences through the Solid-State Solar-Thermal Energy Conversion Center (S3TEC), an Energy Frontier Research Center (DE-SC0001299), and also from the NASA Science Mission Directorate's Radioisotope Power Systems Thermoelectric Technology Development program. KI acknowledges support from Funai Foundation for Information Technology.		40	61	63	25	145	ROYAL SOC CHEMISTRY	CAMBRIDGE	THOMAS GRAHAM HOUSE, SCIENCE PARK, MILTON RD, CAMBRIDGE CB4 0WF, CAMBS, ENGLAND	2051-6347	2051-6355		MATER HORIZ	Mater. Horizons	JAN	2018	5	1					59	64		10.1039/c7mh00865a			6	Chemistry, Multidisciplinary; Materials Science, Multidisciplinary	Chemistry; Materials Science	FR6CB	WOS:000419151900006		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Barkats, D; Dierickx, MI; Kovac, JM; Pentacoff, C; Ade, PAR; Ahmed, Z; Aikin, RW; Alexander, KD; Benton, SJ; Bischoff, CA; Bock, JJ; Bowens-Rubin, R; Brevik, JA; Buder, I; Bullock, E; Buza, V; Connors, J; Cornelison, J; Crill, BP; Crumrine, M; Duband, L; Dvorkin, C; Filippini, JP; Fliescher, S; Grayson, J; Hall, G; Halpern, M; Harrison, S; Hildebrandt, SR; Hilton, GC; Hui, H; Irwin, KD; Kang, J; Karkare, KS; Karpel, E; Kaufman, JP; Keating, BG; Kefeli, S; Kernasovskiy, SA; Kuo, CL; Lau, K; Larsen, NA; Leitch, EM; Lueker, M; Megerian, KG; Moncelsi, L; Namikawa, T; Nguyen, HT; O'Brient, R; Ogburn, RW; Palladino, S; Pryke, C; Racine, B; Richter, S; Schwarz, R; Schillaci, A; Sheehy, CD; Soliman, A; St Germaine, T; Staniszewski, ZK; Steinbach, B; Sudiwala, RV; Teply, GP; Thompson, KL; Tolan, JE; Tucker, C; Turner, AD; Umilta, C; Vieregg, AG; Wandui, A; Weber, AC; Wiebe, DV; Willmert, J; Wong, CL; Wu, WLK; Yang, H; Yoon, KW; Zhang, C		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Barkats, Denis; Dierickx, Marion I.; Kovac, John M.; Pentacoff, Chris; Ade, P. A. R.; Ahmed, Z.; Aikin, R. W.; Alexander, K. D.; Benton, S. J.; Bischoff, C. A.; Bock, J. J.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Brevik, J. A.; Buder, I.; Bullock, E.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Crill, B. P.; Crumrine, M.; Duband, L.; Dvorkin, C.; Filippini, J. P.; Fliescher, S.; Grayson, J.; Hall, G.; Halpern, M.; Harrison, S.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Hilton, G. C.; Hui, H.; Irwin, K. D.; Kang, J.; Karkare, K. S.; Karpel, E.; Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Kefeli, S.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kuo, C. L.; Lau, K.; Larsen, N. A.; Leitch, E. M.; Lueker, M.; Megerian, K. G.; Moncelsi, L.; Namikawa, T.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Ogburn, R. W.; Palladino, S.; Pryke, C.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; Schwarz, R.; Schillaci, A.; Sheehy, C. D.; Soliman, A.; St Germaine, T.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Steinbach, B.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Teply, G. P.; Thompson, K. L.; Tolan, J. E.; Tucker, C.; Turner, A. D.; Umilta, C.; Vieregg, A. G.; Wandui, A.; Weber, A. C.; Wiebe, D. V.; Willmert, J.; Wong, C. L.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yang, H.; Yoon, K. W.; Zhang, C.			Ultra-Thin Large-Aperture Vacuum Windows for Millimeter Wavelengths Receivers	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Millimeter Wavelengths; Vacuum Windows; Polymer Materials; Cosmic Microwave Background; Primordial Gravitational Waves; Polarization; BICEP; Keck Array		Targeting faint polarization patterns arising from Primordial Gravitational Waves in the Cosmic Microwave Background requires excellent observational sensitivity. Optical elements in small aperture experiments such as Bicep3 and Keck Array are designed to optimize throughput and minimize losses from transmission, reflection and scattering at millimeter wavelengths. As aperture size increases, cryostat vacuum windows must withstand larger forces from atmospheric pressure and the solution has often led to a thicker window at the expense of larger transmission loss. We have identified a new candidate material for the fabrication of vacuum windows: with a tensile strength two orders of magnitude larger than previously used materials, woven high-modulus polyethylene could allow for dramatically thinner windows, and therefore significantly reduced losses and higher sensitivity. In these proceedings we investigate the suitability of high-modulus polyethylene windows for ground-based CMB experiments, such as current and future receivers in the Bicep/Keck Array program. This includes characterizing their optical transmission as well as their mechanical behavior under atmospheric pressure. We find that such ultra-thin materials are promising candidates to improve the performance of large-aperture instruments at millimeter wavelengths, and outline a plan for further tests ahead of a possible upcoming field deployment of such a science-grade window.	[Barkats, Denis; Dierickx, Marion I.; Kovac, John M.; Alexander, K. D.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Buder, I.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Harrison, S.; Karkare, K. S.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; St Germaine, T.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Pentacoff, Chris] MIT, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Ade, P. A. R.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Tucker, C.] Cardiff Univ, Sch Phys & Astron, Cardiff CF24 3AA, S Glam, Wales; [Ahmed, Z.; Irwin, K. D.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Yoon, K. W.] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Aikin, R. W.; Bock, J. J.; Brevik, J. A.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Hui, H.; Kefeli, S.; Lueker, M.; Moncelsi, L.; O'Brient, R.; Schillaci, A.; Soliman, A.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Steinbach, B.; Teply, G. P.; Zhang, C.] CALTECH, Dept Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Grayson, J.; Irwin, K. D.; Kang, J.; Karpel, E.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Tolan, J. E.; Wandui, A.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yang, H.; Yoon, K. W.] Stanford Univ, Dept Phys, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Benton, S. J.] Univ Toronto, Dept Phys, Toronto, ON M5S 1A7, Canada; [Bischoff, C. A.; Palladino, S.; Umilta, C.] Univ Cincinnati, Dept Phys, Cincinnati, OH 45221 USA; [Bock, J. J.; Crill, B. P.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Megerian, K. G.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Turner, A. D.; Weber, A. C.] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Bullock, E.; Pryke, C.] Univ Minnesota, Minnesota Inst Astrophys, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Kovac, John M.; Buza, V.; Dvorkin, C.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Univ, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Duband, L.] Commissariat Energie Atom, Serv Basses Temp, F-38054 Grenoble, France; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Phys, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Crumrine, M.; Fliescher, S.; Hall, G.; Lau, K.; Pryke, C.; Schwarz, R.; Willmert, J.] Univ Minnesota, Sch Phys & Astron, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Halpern, M.; Irwin, K. D.; Wiebe, D. V.] Univ British Columbia, Dept Phys & Astron, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z1, Canada; [Hilton, G. C.] NIST, Boulder, CO 80305 USA; [Karkare, K. S.; Larsen, N. A.; Leitch, E. M.; Sheehy, C. D.; Vieregg, A. G.; Wu, W. L. K.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Teply, G. P.] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Namikawa, T.] Natl Taiwan Univ, Leung Ctr Cosmol & Particle Astrophys, Taipei 10617, Taiwan; Canadian Inst Adv Res, Toronto, ON M5G 1Z8, Canada; [Sheehy, C. D.] Brookhaven Natl Lab, Dept Phys, Upton, NY 11973 USA; [Vieregg, A. G.] Univ Chicago, Enrico Fermi Inst, Dept Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA	Barkats, D (corresponding author), 60 Garden St,MS 42, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA.	dbarkats@cfa.harvard.edu	Moncelsi, Lorenzo/AAU-1009-2020; Keating, Brian G/J-6063-2017	Moncelsi, Lorenzo/0000-0002-4242-3015; Keating, Brian G/0000-0003-3118-5514; Namikawa, Toshiya/0000-0003-3070-9240; Tucker, Carole/0000-0002-1851-3918; Karkare, Kirit/0000-0002-5215-6993				23	1	1	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107082K	10.1117/12.2312585			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300045		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Crumrine, M; Ade, PAR; Ahmed, Z; Aikin, RW; Alexander, KD; Barkats, D; Benton, SJ; Bischoff, CA; Bock, JJ; Bowens-Rubin, R; Brevik, JA; Buder, I; Bullock, E; Buza, V; Connors, J; Cornelison, J; Crill, BP; Dierickx, M; Duband, L; Dvorkin, C; Filippini, JP; Fliescher, S; Grayson, J; Hall, G; Halpern, M; Harrison, S; Hildebrandt, SR; Hilton, GC; Hui, H; Irwin, KD; Kang, J; Karkare, KS; Karpel, E; Kaufman, JP; Keating, BG; Kefeli, S; Kernasovskiy, SA; Kovac, JM; Kuo, CL; Larsen, NA; Lau, K; Leitch, EM; Lueker, M; Megerian, KG; Moncelsi, L; Namikawa, T; Netterfield, CB; Nguyen, HT; O'Brient, R; Ogburn, RW; Palladino, S; Pryke, C; Racine, B; Richter, S; Schwarz, R; Schillaci, A; Sheehy, CD; Soliman, A; St Germaine, T; Staniszewski, ZK; Steinbach, B; Sudiwala, RV; Teply, GP; Thompson, KL; Tolan, JE; Tucker, C; Turner, AD; Umilta, C; Vieregg, AG; Wandui, A; Weber, AC; Wiebe, DV; Willmert, J; Wong, CL; Wu, WLK; Yang, H; Yoon, KW; Zhang, C		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Crumrine, Michael; Ade, P. A. R.; Ahmed, Z.; Aikin, R. W.; Alexander, K. D.; Barkats, D.; Benton, S. J.; Bischoff, C. A.; Bock, J. J.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Brevik, J. A.; Buder, I.; Bullock, E.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Crill, B. P.; Dierickx, M.; Duband, L.; Dvorkin, C.; Filippini, J. P.; Fliescher, S.; Grayson, J.; Hall, G.; Halpern, M.; Harrison, S.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Hilton, G. C.; Hui, H.; Irwin, K. D.; Kang, J.; Karkare, K. S.; Karpel, E.; Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Kefeli, S.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kovac, J. M.; Kuo, C. L.; Larsen, N. A.; Lau, K.; Leitch, E. M.; Lueker, M.; Megerian, K. G.; Moncelsi, L.; Namikawa, T.; Netterfield, C. B.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Ogburn, R. W.; Palladino, S.; Pryke, C.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; Schwarz, R.; Schillaci, A.; Sheehy, C. D.; Soliman, A.; St Germaine, T.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Steinbach, B.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Teply, G. P.; Thompson, K. L.; Tolan, J. E.; Tucker, C.; Turner, A. D.; Umilta, C.; Vieregg, A. G.; Wandui, A.; Weber, A. C.; Wiebe, D. V.; Willmert, J.; Wong, C. L.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yang, H.; Yoon, K. W.; Zhang, C.			BICEP Array cryostat and mount design	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Inflation; Gravitational Waves; Cosmology; BICEP; Keck Array; Polarization; BICEP Array		BICEP Array is a cosmic microwave background (CMB) polarization experiment that will begin observing at the South Pole in early 2019. This experiment replaces the five Bicep2 style receivers that compose the Keck Array with four larger Bicep3 style receivers observing at six frequencies from 30 to 270GHz. The 95GHz and 150GHz receivers will continue to push the already deep Bicep/Keck CMB maps while the 30/40GHz and 220/270GHz receivers will constrain the synchrotron and galactic dust foregrounds respectively. Here we report on the design and performance of the Bicep Array instruments focusing on the mount and cryostat systems.	[Crumrine, Michael; Fliescher, S.; Hall, G.; Lau, K.; Pryke, C.; Schwarz, R.; Willmert, J.] Univ Minnesota, Sch Phys & Astron, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Ade, P. A. R.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Tucker, C.] Cardiff Univ, Sch Phys & Astron, Cardiff CF24 3AA, S Glam, Wales; [Ahmed, Z.; Irwin, K. D.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Yoon, K. W.] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Aikin, R. W.; Bock, J. J.; Brevik, J. A.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Hui, H.; Kefeli, S.; Lueker, M.; Moncelsi, L.; O'Brient, R.; Schillaci, A.; Soliman, A.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Steinbach, B.; Teply, G. P.; Wandui, A.; Zhang, C.] CALTECH, Dept Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Alexander, K. D.; Barkats, D.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Buder, I.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Dierickx, M.; Harrison, S.; Karkare, K. S.; Kovac, J. M.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; St Germaine, T.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Benton, S. J.; Netterfield, C. B.] Univ Toronto, Dept Phys, Toronto, ON M5S 1A7, Canada; [Bischoff, C. A.; Palladino, S.; Umilta, C.] Univ Cincinnati, Dept Phys, Cincinnati, OH 45221 USA; [Bock, J. J.; Crill, B. P.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Megerian, K. G.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Turner, A. D.; Weber, A. C.] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Bullock, E.; Pryke, C.] Univ Minnesota, Minnesota Inst Astrophys, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Buza, V.; Dvorkin, C.; Kovac, J. M.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Univ, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Duband, L.] Commissariat Energie Atom, Serv Basses Temp, F-38054 Grenoble, France; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Phys, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Grayson, J.; Irwin, K. D.; Kang, J.; Karpel, E.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Tolan, J. E.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yang, H.; Yoon, K. W.] Stanford Univ, Dept Phys, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Halpern, M.; Wiebe, D. V.] Univ British Columbia, Dept Phys & Astron, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z1, Canada; [Hilton, G. C.; Irwin, K. D.] NIST, Boulder, CO 80305 USA; [Karkare, K. S.; Larsen, N. A.; Leitch, E. M.; Sheehy, C. D.; Vieregg, A. G.; Wu, W. L. K.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Teply, G. P.] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Namikawa, T.] Natl Taiwan Univ, Leung Ctr Cosmol & Particle Astrophys, Taipei 10617, Taiwan; [Netterfield, C. B.] Canadian Inst Adv Res, Toronto, ON M5G 1Z8, Canada; [Sheehy, C. D.] Brookhaven Natl Lab, Dept Phys, Upton, NY 11973 USA; [Vieregg, A. G.] Univ Chicago, Enrico Fermi Inst, Dept Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA	Crumrine, M (corresponding author), Univ Minnesota, Sch Phys & Astron, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA.	crumrine@umn.edu	Moncelsi, Lorenzo/AAU-1009-2020; Keating, Brian G/J-6063-2017	Moncelsi, Lorenzo/0000-0002-4242-3015; Keating, Brian G/0000-0003-3118-5514; Karkare, Kirit/0000-0002-5215-6993; Tucker, Carole/0000-0002-1851-3918; Wu, Kimmy/0000-0001-5411-6920; Namikawa, Toshiya/0000-0003-3070-9240	National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [0742818, 0742592, 1044978, 1110087, 1145172, 1145143, 1145248, 1639040, 1638957, 1638978, 1638970, 1726917]; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; JPL Research and Technology Development Fund; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [06-ARPA206-0040, 10-SAT10-0017, 12-SAT12-0031, 14-SAT14-0009, 16-SAT-16-0002]; Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation at CaltechGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Canada Foundation for Innovation grantCanada Foundation for Innovation; U.S. DoE Office of ScienceUnited States Department of Energy (DOE)	The BICEP/Keck projects have been made possible through a series of grants from the National Science Foundation including 0742818, 0742592, 1044978, 1110087, 1145172, 1145143, 1145248, 1639040, 1638957, 1638978, 1638970, & 1726917, by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, and by the Keck Foundation. The development of antenna-coupled detector technology was supported by the JPL Research and Technology Development Fund and NASA Grants 06-ARPA206-0040, 10-SAT10-0017, 12-SAT12-0031, 14-SAT14-0009 & 16-SAT-16-0002. The development and testing of focal planes were supported by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation at Caltech. Readout electronics were supported by a Canada Foundation for Innovation grant to UBC. The computations in this paper were run on the Odyssey cluster supported by the FAS Science Division Research Computing Group at Harvard University. The analysis effort at Stanford and SLAC is partially supported by the U.S. DoE Office of Science. We thank the staff of the U.S. Antarctic Program and in particular the South Pole Station without whose help this research would not have been possible. Most special thanks go to our heroic winter-overs Robert Schwarz and Steffen Richter. We thank all those who have contributed past efforts to the BICEP/Keck series of experiments, including the BICEP1 team.		12	4	4	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107082D	10.1117/12.2312829			10	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300039		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Franceschet, C; Realini, S; Mennella, A; Addamo, G; Bau, A; Battaglia, PM; Bersanelli, M; Caccianiga, B; Caprioli, S; Cavaliere, F; Cleary, KA; Cuttaia, F; Del Torto, F; Fafone, V; Farooqui, Z; Santos, RTG; Gaier, TC; Gervasi, M; Ghigna, T; Incardona, F; Iovenitti, S; Jones, M; Kangaslahti, P; Mainini, R; Maino, D; Maris, M; Mena, P; Molina, R; Morgante, G; Passerini, A; Perez-de-Taoro, MD; Peverini, OA; Pezzotta, F; Pincella, C; Reyes, N; Rocchi, A; Martin, JAR; Sandri, M; Sartor, S; Soria, M; Tapia, V; Terenzi, L; Tomasi, M; Tommasi, E; Vigano, DM; Villa, F; Virone, G; Volpe, A; Watkins, B; Zacchei, A; Zannoni, M		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Franceschet, Cristian; Realini, Sabrina; Mennella, Aniello; Addamo, Giuseppe; Bau, Alessandro; Battaglia, Paola M.; Bersanelli, Marco; Caccianiga, Barbara; Caprioli, Silvia; Cavaliere, Francesco; Cleary, Kieran A.; Cuttaia, Francesco; Del Torto, Francesco; Fafone, Viviana; Farooqui, Zunnoorain; Santos, Ricardo T. Genova; Gaier, Todd C.; Gervasi, Massimo; Ghigna, Tommaso; Incardona, Federico; Iovenitti, Simone; Jones, Mike; Kangaslahti, Pekka; Mainini, Roberto; Maino, Davide; Maris, Michele; Mena, Patricio; Molina, Rocio; Morgante, Gianluca; Passerini, Andrea; Perez-de-Taoro, Maria del Rosario; Peverini, Oscar A.; Pezzotta, Federico; Pincella, Claudio; Reyes, Nicolas; Rocchi, Alessio; Martin, Jose A. Rubino; Sandri, Maura; Sartor, Stefano; Soria, Mary; Tapia, Valeria; Terenzi, Luca; Tomasi, Maurizio; Tommasi, Elisabetta; Vigano, Daniele M.; Villa, Fabrizio; Virone, Giuseppe; Volpe, Angela; Watkins, Bob; Zacchei, Andrea; Zannoni, Mario			The STRIP instrument of the Large Scale Polarization Explorer: microwave eyes to map the Galactic polarized foregrounds	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Cosmic Microwave Background polarization; Ground-based telescope; Galactic foreground; Large scale; B-modes; Polarimeter		In this paper we discuss the latest developments of the STRIP instrument of the "Large Scale Polarization Explorer" (LSPE) experiment. LSPE is a novel project that combines ground-based (STRIP) and balloon-borne (SWIPE) polarization measurements of the microwave sky on large angular scales to attempt a detection of the "B-modes" of the Cosmic Microwave Background polarization. STRIP will observe approximately 25% of the Northern sky from the "Observatorio del Teide" in Tenerife, using an array of forty-nine coherent polarimeters at 43 GHz, coupled to a 1.5 m fully rotating crossed-Dragone telescope. A second frequency channel with six-elements at 95 GHz will be exploited as an atmospheric monitor. At present, most of the hardware of the STRIP instrument has been developed and tested at sub-system level. System-level characterization, starting in July 2018, will lead STRIP to be shipped and installed at the observation site within the end of the year. The on-site verification and calibration of the whole instrument will prepare STRIP for a 2-years campaign for the observation of the CMB polarization.	[Franceschet, Cristian; Realini, Sabrina; Mennella, Aniello; Bersanelli, Marco; Caccianiga, Barbara; Caprioli, Silvia; Cavaliere, Francesco; Incardona, Federico; Iovenitti, Simone; Maino, Davide; Pezzotta, Federico; Tomasi, Maurizio; Vigano, Daniele M.] Univ Milan, Phys Dept, Via Celoria 16, I-20133 Milan, Italy; [Franceschet, Cristian; Realini, Sabrina; Mennella, Aniello; Bersanelli, Marco; Caccianiga, Barbara; Caprioli, Silvia; Cavaliere, Francesco; Incardona, Federico; Maino, Davide; Tomasi, Maurizio] INFN, Sez Milano, Via Celoria 16, I-20133 Milan, Italy; [Bau, Alessandro; Gervasi, Massimo; Ghigna, Tommaso; Mainini, Roberto; Passerini, Andrea; Pincella, Claudio; Zannoni, Mario] Univ Milano Bicocca, Phys Dept, Piazza Sci 3, I-20126 Milan, Italy; [Cuttaia, Francesco; Morgante, Gianluca; Sandri, Maura; Terenzi, Luca; Villa, Fabrizio] INAF Osservatorio Astrofis & Sci Spazio Bologna, Via Gobetti 101, I-40129 Bologna, Italy; [Addamo, Giuseppe; Farooqui, Zunnoorain; Peverini, Oscar A.; Virone, Giuseppe] Politecn Torino, CNR, IEIIT, Corso Duca Abruzzi 24, I-10129 Turin, Italy; [Maris, Michele; Sartor, Stefano; Zacchei, Andrea] INAF Osservatorio Astron Trieste, Via GB Tiepolo 11, I-34143 Trieste, Italy; [Fafone, Viviana; Rocchi, Alessio] INFN Roma Tor Vergata, I-00133 Rome, Italy; [Jones, Mike; Watkins, Bob] Univ Oxford, Dept Phys Astrophys, Oxford OX1 3RH, England; [Santos, Ricardo T. Genova; Perez-de-Taoro, Maria del Rosario; Martin, Jose A. Rubino] IAC, E-38200 Tenerife, Spain; [Santos, Ricardo T. Genova; Perez-de-Taoro, Maria del Rosario] Univ La Laguna, Dept Astrofis, E-38206 Tenerife, Spain; [Cleary, Kieran A.; Kangaslahti, Pekka; Soria, Mary] CALTECH, Dept Astron, 1200 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Gaier, Todd C.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Tommasi, Elisabetta; Volpe, Angela] Agenzia Spaziale Italiana, Via Politecn Snc, I-00133 Rome, Italy; [Mena, Patricio; Reyes, Nicolas] Univ Chile, Elect Engn Dept, Av Tupper 2007, Santiago, Chile; [Molina, Rocio; Tapia, Valeria] Univ Chile, Astron Dept, Camino Observ 1515, Santiago, Chile; [Battaglia, Paola M.] Ist Nazl Astrofis, IASF Mi, Via Bassini 15, Milan, Italy; [Del Torto, Francesco] Altran Italia SpA, Corso Sempione 66, I-20154 Milan, Italy	Franceschet, C (corresponding author), Univ Milan, Phys Dept, Via Celoria 16, I-20133 Milan, Italy.; Franceschet, C (corresponding author), INFN, Sez Milano, Via Celoria 16, I-20133 Milan, Italy.	cristian.franceschet@fisica.unimi.it	Virone, Giuseppe/U-4269-2017; Gervasi, Massimo/AAG-7022-2020; Mena, Fausto Patricio/H-8193-2013; Rocchi, Alessio/O-9499-2015; Peverini, Oscar Antonio/AAX-4104-2020; Zannoni, Mario/H-6391-2017	Virone, Giuseppe/0000-0001-5683-9436; Mena, Fausto Patricio/0000-0001-8616-0854; Rocchi, Alessio/0000-0002-1382-9016; Peverini, Oscar Antonio/0000-0002-7681-6837; Molina, Rocio/0000-0001-5690-4461; Cuttaia, Francesco/0000-0001-6608-5017; Zacchei, Andrea/0000-0003-0396-1192; Franceschet, Cristian/0000-0002-3528-5240; MENNELLA, ANIELLO/0000-0002-5343-6655; Incardona, Federico/0000-0002-2568-0917; Villa, Fabrizio/0000-0003-1798-861X; Morgante, Gianluca/0000-0001-9234-7412; Ghigna, Tommaso/0000-0003-4175-7010; TERENZI, LUCA/0000-0001-9915-6379; Maris, Michele/0000-0001-9442-2754; Zannoni, Mario/0000-0002-4495-571X	ASIItalian Space Agency (ASI) [I-022-11-0 "LSPE"]; Istituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare (INFN)Istituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare (INFN)	This work has been carried out in the context of the Italian Space Agency (ASI) programme "Large Scale Polarization Explorer (LSPE)". We gratefully acknowledge support from ASI through contract I-022-11-0 "LSPE" and from the Istituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare (INFN).		21	1	1	0	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107081G	10.1117/12.2313558			17	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300025		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Hoh, JR; Groppi, CE; Siles, JV		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Hoh, Jonathan R.; Groppi, Christopher E.; Siles, Jose V.			New Developments for Integrated Schottky Receivers in the Terahertz Regime	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Astronomy; Cubesat; Heterodyne; Mixer; Molecular; Receiver; Satellite; Schottky; Water; Vapor		Here we present the preliminary and final designs of a low-mass, low-power, highly integrated Schottky diode based coherent receiver system suitable for deployment on cubesat or other small satellite platforms. Currently, coherent Schottky receivers are far too large and consume too much power to be considered for deployment on any smaller forms of space-based satellites. Using an already existing design for a modular 520-600 GHz receiver designed at JPL, we have used novel packaging methods to condense this receiver into an integrated system. This integrated receiver has shown to have a volume and power consumption significantly smaller than the current state of the art. We will further present the designs of a similar integrated receiver for the first excited state of water vapor operating at the 1040-1200 GHz range. Finally, we discuss future plans for the combined mixer system and its potential for use in cubesat interferometry systems.	[Hoh, Jonathan R.; Groppi, Christopher E.] Arizona State Univ, Sch Earth & Space Explorat, 781 S Terrace Rd, Tempe, AZ 85287 USA; [Siles, Jose V.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Hoh, JR (corresponding author), Arizona State Univ, Sch Earth & Space Explorat, 781 S Terrace Rd, Tempe, AZ 85287 USA.	jrhoh@asu.edu; cgroppi@asu.edu; Jose.V.Siles@jpl.nasa.gov			National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA)	The research was carried out at Arizona State University and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.		7	0	0	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								1070817	10.1117/12.2312927			8	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300022					2020-09-09	
S	Hui, H; Ade, PAR; Ahmed, Z; Aikin, RW; Alexander, KD; Barkats, D; Benton, SJ; Bischoff, CA; Bock, JJ; Bowens-Rubin, R; Brevik, JA; Buder, I; Bullock, E; Buza, V; Connors, J; Cornelison, J; Crill, BP; Crumrine, M; Dierickx, M; Duband, L; Dvorkin, C; Filippini, JP; Fliescher, S; Grayson, J; Hall, G; Halpern, M; Harrison, S; Hildebrandt, SR; Hilton, GC; Irwin, KD; Kang, J; Karkare, KS; Karpel, E; Kaufman, JP; Keating, BG; Kefeli, S; Kernasovskiy, SA; Kovac, JM; Kuo, CL; Lau, K; Larsen, NA; Leitch, EM; Lueker, M; Megerian, KG; Moncelsi, L; Namikawa, T; Netterfieled, CB; Nguyen, HT; O'Brient, R; Ogburn, RW; Palladino, S; Pryke, C; Racine, B; Richter, S; Schwarz, R; Schillaci, A; Sheehy, CD; Soliman, A; Germaine, TS; Staniszewski, ZK; Steinbach, B; Sudiwala, RV; Teply, GP; Thompson, KL; Tolan, JE; Tucker, C; Turner, AD; Umilta, C; Vieregg, AG; Wandui, A; Weber, AC; Wiebe, DV; Willmert, J; Wong, CL; Wu, WLK; Yang, E; Yoon, KW; Zhang, C		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Hui, Howard; Ade, P. A. R.; Ahmed, Z.; Aikin, R. W.; Alexander, K. D.; Barkats, D.; Benton, S. J.; Bischoff, C. A.; Bock, J. J.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Brevik, J. A.; Buder, I.; Bullock, E.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Crill, B. P.; Crumrine, M.; Dierickx, M.; Duband, L.; Dvorkin, C.; Filippini, J. P.; Fliescher, S.; Grayson, J.; Hall, G.; Halpern, M.; Harrison, S.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Hilton, G. C.; Irwin, K. D.; Kang, J.; Karkare, K. S.; Karpel, E.; Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Kefeli, S.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kovac, J. M.; Kuo, C. L.; Lau, K.; Larsen, N. A.; Leitch, E. M.; Lueker, M.; Megerian, K. G.; Moncelsi, L.; Namikawa, T.; Netterfieled, C. B.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Ogburn, R. W.; Palladino, S.; Pryke, C.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; Schwarz, R.; Schillaci, A.; Sheehy, C. D.; Soliman, A.; Germaine, T. St.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Steinbach, B.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Teply, G. P.; Thompson, K. L.; Tolan, J. E.; Tucker, C.; Turner, A. D.; Umilta, C.; Vieregg, A. G.; Wandui, A.; Weber, A. C.; Wiebe, D. V.; Willmert, J.; Wong, C. L.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yang, E.; Yoon, K. W.; Zhang, C.			BICEP Array: a multi-frequency degree-scale CMB polarimeter	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Cosmic Microwave Background; Polarization; Instrumentation	MILLIMETER	BICEP Array is the newest multi-frequency instrument in the Bicep/Keck Array program. It is comprised of four 550 mm aperture refractive telescopes observing the polarization of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) at 30/40, 95, 150 and 220/270 GHz with over 30,000 detectors. We present an overview of the receiver, detailing the optics, thermal, mechanical, and magnetic shielding design. Bicep Array follows Bicep3 's modular focal plane concept, and upgrades to 6" wafer to reduce fabrication with higher detector count per module. The first receiver at 30/40GHz is expected to start observing at the South Pole during the 2019-20 season. By the end of the planned Bicep Array program, we project 0.002 less than or similar to sigma(r) less than or similar to 0.006, assuming current modeling of polarized Galactic foreground and depending on the level of delensing that can be achieved with higher resolution maps from the South Pole Telescope.	[Hui, Howard; Aikin, R. W.; Bock, J. J.; Brevik, J. A.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Kefeli, S.; Lueker, M.; Moncelsi, L.; O'Brient, R.; Schillaci, A.; Soliman, A.; Steinbach, B.; Teply, G. P.; Wandui, A.; Zhang, C.] CALTECH, Dept Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Ade, P. A. R.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Tucker, C.; Wiebe, D. V.] Cardiff Univ, Sch Phys & Astron, Cardiff CF24 3AA, S Glam, Wales; [Ahmed, Z.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yang, E.; Yoon, K. W.] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, 2575 Sand Hill Rd, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Alexander, K. D.; Barkats, D.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Buder, I.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Dierickx, M.; Harrison, S.; Karkare, K. S.; Kovac, J. M.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; Germaine, T. St.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Benton, S. J.; Netterfieled, C. B.] Univ Toronto, Dept Phys, Toronto, ON M55 1A7, Canada; [Bischoff, C. A.; Palladino, S.; Umilta, C.] Univ Cincinnati, Dept Phys, Cincinnati, OH 45221 USA; [Bock, J. J.; Crill, B. P.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Megerian, K. G.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Turner, A. D.; Weber, A. C.] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Bullock, E.; Pryke, C.; Schwarz, R.; Willmert, J.] Univ Minnesota, Minnesota Inst Astrophys, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Buza, V.; Dvorkin, C.; Kovac, J. M.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Univ, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Crumrine, M.; Fliescher, S.; Hall, G.; Lau, K.; Pryke, C.] Univ Minnesota, Sch Phys & Astron, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Duband, L.] Commissariat Energie Atom, Serv Basses Temp, F-38054 Grenoble, France; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Phys, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Grayson, J.; Irwin, K. D.; Karpel, E.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yoon, K. W.] Stanford Univ, Dept Phys, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Halpern, M.] Univ British Columbia, Dept Phys & Astron, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z1, Canada; [Hilton, G. C.; Irwin, K. D.] Natl Inst Stand & Technol, Boulder, CO 80305 USA; [Karkare, K. S.; Vieregg, A. G.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Teply, G. P.] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Larsen, N. A.; Leitch, E. M.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Namikawa, T.] Natl Taiwan Univ, Leung Ctr Cosmol & Particle Astrophys, Taipei 10617, Taiwan; [Netterfieled, C. B.] Canadian Inst Adv Res, Toronto, ON M5G 1Z8, Canada; [Karkare, K. S.; Sheehy, C. D.] Brookhaven Natl Lab, Phys Dept, Upton, NY 11973 USA; [Vieregg, A. G.] Univ Chicago, Enrico Fermi Inst, Dept Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA	Hui, H (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	hhui@caltech.edu	Moncelsi, Lorenzo/AAU-1009-2020; Keating, Brian G/J-6063-2017	Moncelsi, Lorenzo/0000-0002-4242-3015; Keating, Brian G/0000-0003-3118-5514; Wu, Kimmy/0000-0001-5411-6920; Tucker, Carole/0000-0002-1851-3918; Karkare, Kirit/0000-0002-5215-6993; Namikawa, Toshiya/0000-0003-3070-9240	National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [0742818, 0742592, 1044978, 1110087, 1145172, 1145143, 1145248, 1639040, 1638957, 1638978, 1638970, 1726917]; Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; JPL Research and Technology Development Fund; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [06-ARPA206-0040, 10-SAT10-0017, 12-SAT12-0031, 14-SAT14-0009, 16-SAT16-0002]; Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation at CaltechGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Canada Foundation for InnovationCanada Foundation for Innovation; U.S. DoE Office of ScienceUnited States Department of Energy (DOE)	The Bicep/Keck Array project have been made possible through a series of grants from the National Science Foundation including 0742818, 0742592, 1044978, 1110087, 1145172, 1145143, 1145248, 1639040, 1638957, 1638978, 1638970, & 1726917 and by the Keck Foundation. The development of antenna-coupled detector technology was supported by the JPL Research and Technology Development Fund and NASA Grants 06-ARPA206-0040, 10-SAT10-0017, 12-SAT12-0031, 14-SAT14-0009 & 16-SAT16-0002. The development and testing of focal planes were supported by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation at Caltech. Readout electronics were supported by a Canada Foundation for Innovation grant to UBC. The computations in this paper were run on the Odyssey cluster supported by the FAS Science Division Research Computing Group at Harvard University. The analysis effort at Stanford and SLAC is partially supported by the U.S. DoE Office of Science. We thank the staff of the U.S. Antarctic Program and in particular the South Pole Station without whose help this research would not have been possible. Tireless administrative support was provided by Kathy Deniston, Sheri Stoll, Irene Coyle, Donna Hernandez, and Dana Volponi.		18	20	20	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								1070807	10.1117/12.2311725			15	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300005		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Kang, JH; Ade, PAR; Ahmed, Z; Aikin, RW; Alexander, KD; Barkats, D; Benton, SJ; Bischoff, CA; Bock, JJ; Boenish, H; Bowens-Rubin, R; Brevik, JA; Buder, I; Bullock, E; Buza, V; Connors, J; Cornelison, J; Crill, BP; Crumrine, M; Dierickx, M; Duband, L; Dvorkin, C; Filippini, JP; Fliescher, S; Grayson, JA; Hall, G; Halpern, M; Harrison, S; Hildebrandt, SR; Hilton, GC; Hui, H; Irwin, KD; Karkare, KS; Karpel, E; Kaufman, JP; Keating, BG; Kefeli, S; Kernasovskiy, SA; Kovac, JM; Kuo, CL; Larsen, NA; Lau, K; Leitch, EM; Lueker, M; Megerian, KG; Moncelsi, L; Namikawa, T; Netterfield, B; Nguyen, HT; O'Brient, R; Ogburn, RW; Palladino, S; Pryke, C; Racine, B; Richter, S; Schillaci, A; Schwarz, R; Sheehy, CD; Soliman, A; St Germaine, T; Staniszewski, ZK; Steinbach, B; Sudiwala, RV; Teply, GP; Thompson, KL; Tolan, JE; Tucker, C; Turner, AD; Umilta, C; Vieregg, AG; Wandui, A; Weber, AC; Wiebe, DV; Willmert, J; Wong, CL; Wu, WLK; Yang, H; Yoon, KW; Zhang, C		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Kang, Jae Hwan; Ade, P. A. R.; Ahmed, Z.; Aikin, R. W.; Alexander, K. D.; Barkats, D.; Benton, S. J.; Bischoff, C. A.; Bock, J. J.; Boenish, H.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Brevik, J. A.; Buder, I.; Bullock, E.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Crill, B. P.; Crumrine, M.; Dierickx, M.; Duband, L.; Dvorkin, C.; Filippini, J. P.; Fliescher, S.; Grayson, J. A.; Hall, G.; Halpern, M.; Harrison, S.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Hilton, G. C.; Hui, H.; Irwin, K. D.; Karkare, K. S.; Karpel, E.; Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Kefeli, S.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kovac, J. M.; Kuo, C. L.; Larsen, N. A.; Lau, K.; Leitch, E. M.; Lueker, M.; Megerian, K. G.; Moncelsi, L.; Namikawa, T.; Netterfield, B.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Ogburn, R. W.; Palladino, S.; Pryke, C.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; Schillaci, A.; Schwarz, R.; Sheehy, C. D.; Soliman, A.; St Germaine, T.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Steinbach, B.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Teply, G. P.; Thompson, K. L.; Tolan, J. E.; Tucker, C.; Turner, A. D.; Umilta, C.; Vieregg, A. G.; Wandui, A.; Weber, A. C.; Wiebe, D. V.; Willmert, J.; Wong, C. L.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yang, H.; Yoon, K. W.; Zhang, C.			2017 upgrade and performance of BICEP3: a 95GHz refracting telescope for degree-scale CMB polarization	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Cosmic Microwave Background; Inflation; Gravitational Waves; Polarization; BICEP3; Keck Array		Bicep3 is a 520mm aperture on-axis refracting telescope observing the polarization of the cosmic microwave background (CMB) at 95GHz in search of the B-mode signal originating from inflationary gravitational waves. Bicep3's focal plane is populated with modularized tiles of antenna-coupled transition edge sensor (TES) bolometers. Bicep3 was deployed to the South Pole during 2014-15 austral summer and has been operational since. During the 2016-17 austral summer, we implemented changes to optical elements that lead to better noise performance. We discuss this upgrade and show the performance of Bicep3 at its full mapping speed from the 2017 and 2018 observing seasons. Bicep3 achieves an order-of-magnitude improvement in mapping speed compared to a Keck 95GHz receiver. We demonstrate 6.6 mu K root s noise performance of the Bicep3 receiver.	[Kang, Jae Hwan; Grayson, J. A.; Irwin, K. D.; Karpel, E.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Tolan, J. E.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yang, H.; Yoon, K. W.] Stanford Univ, Dept Phys, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Ade, P. A. R.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Tucker, C.] Cardiff Univ, Sch Phys & Astron, Cardiff CF24 3AA, S Glam, Wales; [Ahmed, Z.; Buder, I.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Irwin, K. D.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Yoon, K. W.] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Aikin, R. W.; Bock, J. J.; Brevik, J. A.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Hui, H.; Kefeli, S.; Lueker, M.; Moncelsi, L.; O'Brient, R.; Schillaci, A.; Soliman, A.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Steinbach, B.; Teply, G. P.; Wandui, A.; Zhang, C.] CALTECH, Dept Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Alexander, K. D.; Barkats, D.; Boenish, H.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Dierickx, M.; Harrison, S.; Karkare, K. S.; Kovac, J. M.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; St Germaine, T.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Benton, S. J.; Netterfield, B.] Univ Toronto, Dept Phys, Toronto, ON M5S 1A7, Canada; [Bischoff, C. A.; Palladino, S.; Umilta, C.] Univ Cincinnati, Dept Phys, Cincinnati, OH 45221 USA; [Bock, J. J.; Crill, B. P.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Megerian, K. G.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Turner, A. D.; Weber, A. C.] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Bullock, E.; Pryke, C.] Univ Minnesota, Minnesota Inst Astrophys, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Buza, V.; Dvorkin, C.; Kovac, J. M.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Univ, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Duband, L.] Commissariat Energie Atom, Serv Basses Temp, F-38054 Grenoble, France; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Phys, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Crumrine, M.; Fliescher, S.; Hall, G.; Lau, K.; Pryke, C.; Schwarz, R.; Willmert, J.] Univ Minnesota, Dept Phys & Astron, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Halpern, M.; Wiebe, D. V.] Univ British Columbia, Dept Phys & Astron, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z1, Canada; [Hilton, G. C.; Irwin, K. D.] NIST, Boulder, CO 80305 USA; [Karkare, K. S.; Larsen, N. A.; Leitch, E. M.; Sheehy, C. D.; Vieregg, A. G.; Wu, W. L. K.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Teply, G. P.] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Namikawa, T.] Natl Taiwan Univ, Leung Ctr Cosmol & Particle Astrophys, Taipei 10617, Taiwan; [Netterfield, B.] Canadian Inst Adv Res, Toronto, ON M5G 1Z8, Canada; [Sheehy, C. D.] Brookhaven Natl Lab, Dept Phys, Upton, NY 11973 USA; [Vieregg, A. G.] Univ Chicago, Enrico Fermi Inst, Dept Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA	Kang, JH (corresponding author), Stanford Univ, Dept Phys, Stanford, CA 94305 USA.	jaehwan@stanford.edu	Keating, Brian G/J-6063-2017; Moncelsi, Lorenzo/AAU-1009-2020	Keating, Brian G/0000-0003-3118-5514; Moncelsi, Lorenzo/0000-0002-4242-3015; Tucker, Carole/0000-0002-1851-3918; Wu, Kimmy/0000-0001-5411-6920; Karkare, Kirit/0000-0002-5215-6993; Namikawa, Toshiya/0000-0003-3070-9240	National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [0742818, 0742592, 1044978, 1110087, 1145172, 1145143, 1145248, 1639040, 1638957, 1638978, 1638970, 1726917]; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; John Templeton Foundation [55802]; JPL Research and Technology Development Fund; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [06-ARPA206-0040, 10-SAT10-0017, 12-SAT12-0031, 14-SAT14-0009, 16-SAT16-0002]; Canada Foundation for Innovation grantCanada Foundation for Innovation; U.S. DoE Office of ScienceUnited States Department of Energy (DOE)	The Bicep/Keck projects have been made possible through a series of grants from the National Science Foundation including 0742818, 0742592, 1044978, 1110087, 1145172, 1145143, 1145248, 1639040, 1638957, 1638978, 1638970, & 1726917, by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, by the Keck Foundation, and by the grant 55802 from John Templeton Foundation. The development of antenna-coupled detector technology was supported by the JPL Research and Technology Development Fund and NASA Grants 06-ARPA206-0040, 10-SAT10-0017, 12-SAT12-0031, 14-SAT14-0009 & 16-SAT16-0002. The development and testing of focal planes were supported by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation at Caltech. Readout electronics were supported by a Canada Foundation for Innovation grant to UBC. The computations in this paper were run on the Odyssey cluster supported by the FAS Science Division Research Computing Group at Harvard University. The analysis effort at Stanford and SLAC is partially supported by the U.S. DoE Office of Science. We thank the staff of the U.S. Antarctic Program and in particular the South Pole Station without whose help this research would not have been possible. We thank all those who have contributed past efforts to the Bicep/Keck series of experiments, including the Bicep1 team. Tireless administrative support was provided by Kathy Deniston, Sheri Stoll, Irene Coyle, Donna Hernandez, Dana Volponi, and Julie Shih.		14	7	7	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107082N	10.1117/12.2313854			11	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300047		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Li, CT; Bradford, CM; Crites, A; Hunacek, J; Wei, TS; Cheng, JC; Chang, TC; Bock, J		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Li, Chao-Te; Bradford, C. M.; Crites, Abigail; Hunacek, Jonathon; Wei, Tashun; Cheng, Jen-Chieh; Chang, Tzu-Ching; Bock, James			TIME Millimeter Wave Grating Spectrometer	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		millimeter wave; spectroscopy; diffraction grating; reionization; intensity mapping		The Tomographic Ionized-carbon Mapping Experiment (TIME) utilizes grating spectrometers to achieve instantaneous wideband coverage with background-limited sensitivity. A unique approach is employed in which curved gratings are used in parallel plate waveguides to focus and diffract broadband light from feed horns toward detector arrays. TIME will measure singly ionized carbon fluctuations from 5 < z < 9 with an imaging spectrometer. 32 independent spectrometers are assembled into two stacks of 16, one per polarization. Each grating has 210 facets and provides a resolving power R of similar to 200 over the 186-324 GHz frequency range. The dispersed light is detected using 2-D arrays of transition edge sensor bolometers. The instrument is housed in a closed-cycle 4K-1K-300mK cryostat. The spectrometers and detectors are cooled using a dual-stage 250/300 mK refrigerator.	[Li, Chao-Te; Wei, Tashun; Cheng, Jen-Chieh] Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, Taipei, Taiwan; [Bradford, C. M.; Chang, Tzu-Ching] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Bradford, C. M.; Crites, Abigail; Hunacek, Jonathon; Bock, James] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Li, CT (corresponding author), Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, Taipei, Taiwan.	ctli@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw						6	1	1	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107083F	10.1117/12.2311415			8	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300064		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	May, AJ; Chapron, C; Coppi, G; D'Alessandro, G; de Bernardis, P; Masi, S; Melhuish, S; Piat, M; Piccirillo, L; Schillaci, A; Thermeau, JP; Ade, P; Amico, G; Auguste, D; Aumont, J; Banfi, S; Barbaran, G; Battaglia, P; Battistelli, E; Bau, A; Belier, B; Bennett, D; Berge, L; Bernard, JP; Bersanelli, M; Bigot-Sazy, MA; Bleurvacq, N; Bonaparte, J; Bonis, J; Bordier, G; Breelle, E; Bunn, E; Burke, D; Buzi, D; Buzzelli, A; Cavaliere, F; Chanial, P; Charlassier, R; Columbro, F; Coppolecchia, A; Couchot, F; D'Agostino, R; De Gasperis, G; De Leo, M; De Petris, M; Di Donato, A; Dumoulin, L; Etchegoyen, A; Fasciszewski, A; Franceschet, C; Lerena, MMG; Garcia, B; Garrido, X; Gaspard, M; Gault, A; Gayer, D; Gervasi, M; Giard, M; Giraud-Heraud, Y; Berisso, MG; Gonzalez, M; Gradziel, M; Grandsire, L; Guerrard, E; Hamilton, JC; Harari, D; Haynes, V; Henrot-Versille, S; Hoang, DT; Incardona, F; Jules, E; Kaplan, J; Korotkov, A; Kristukat, C; Lamagna, L; Loucatos, S; Louis, T; Lowitz, A; Lukovic, V; Luterstein, R; Maffei, B; Marnieros, S; Mattei, A; McCulloch, MA; Medina, MC; Mele, L; Mennella, A; Montier, L; Mundo, LM; Murphy, JA; Murphy, JD; O'Sullivan, C; Olivieri, E; Paiella, A; Pajot, F; Passerini, A; Pastoriza, H; Pelosi, A; Perbost, C; Perdereau, O; Pezzotta, F; Piacentini, F; Pisano, G; Polenta, G; Prele, D; Puddu, R; Rambaud, D; Ringegni, P; Romero, GE; Salatino, M; Scoccola, CG; Scully, S; Spinelli, S; Stolpovskiy, M; Suarez, F; Tartari, A; Timbie, P; Torchinsky, SA; Tristram, M; Truongcanh, V; Tucker, C; Tucker, G; Vanneste, S; Vigano, D; Vittorio, N; Voisin, F; Watson, B; Wicek, F; Zannoni, M; Zullo, A		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		May, A. J.; Chapron, C.; Coppi, G.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; Masi, S.; Melhuish, S.; Piat, M.; Piccirillo, L.; Schillaci, A.; Thermeau, J. -P.; Ade, P.; Amico, G.; Auguste, D.; Aumont, J.; Banfi, S.; Barbaran, G.; Battaglia, P.; Battistelli, E.; Bau, A.; Belier, B.; Bennett, D.; Berge, L.; Bernard, J. -Ph.; Bersanelli, M.; Bigot-Sazy, M. -A.; Bleurvacq, N.; Bonaparte, J.; Bonis, J.; Bordier, G.; Breelle, E.; Bunn, E.; Burke, D.; Buzi, D.; Buzzelli, A.; Cavaliere, F.; Chanial, P.; Charlassier, R.; Columbro, F.; Coppolecchia, A.; Couchot, F.; D'Agostino, R.; De Gasperis, G.; De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Di Donato, A.; Dumoulin, L.; Etchegoyen, A.; Fasciszewski, A.; Franceschet, C.; Gamboa Lerena, M. M.; Garcia, B.; Garrido, X.; Gaspard, M.; Gault, A.; Gayer, D.; Gervasi, M.; Giard, M.; Giraud-Heraud, Y.; Gomez Berisso, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Gradziel, M.; Grandsire, L.; Guerrard, E.; Hamilton, J. -Ch.; Harari, D.; Haynes, V.; Henrot-Versille, S.; Hoang, D. T.; Incardona, F.; Jules, E.; Kaplan, J.; Korotkov, A.; Kristukat, C.; Lamagna, L.; Loucatos, S.; Louis, T.; Lowitz, A.; Lukovic, V.; Luterstein, R.; Maffei, B.; Marnieros, S.; Mattei, A.; McCulloch, M. A.; Medina, M. C.; Mele, L.; Mennella, A.; Montier, L.; Mundo, L. M.; Murphy, J. A.; Murphy, J. D.; O'Sullivan, C.; Olivieri, E.; Paiella, A.; Pajot, F.; Passerini, A.; Pastoriza, H.; Pelosi, A.; Perbost, C.; Perdereau, O.; Pezzotta, F.; Piacentini, F.; Pisano, G.; Polenta, G.; Prele, D.; Puddu, R.; Rambaud, D.; Ringegni, P.; Romero, G. E.; Salatino, M.; Scoccola, C. G.; Scully, S.; Spinelli, S.; Stolpovskiy, M.; Suarez, F.; Tartari, A.; Timbie, P.; Torchinsky, S. A.; Tristram, M.; Truongcanh, V.; Tucker, C.; Tucker, G.; Vanneste, S.; Vigano, D.; Vittorio, N.; Voisin, F.; Watson, B.; Wicek, F.; Zannoni, M.; Zullo, A.			Thermal architecture for the QUBIC cryogenic receiver	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		QUBIC; experimental cosmology; bolometric interferometry; cryogenics; sorption cooler; heat switch	GRAVITY-WAVES; POLARIZATION	QUBIC, the QU Bolometric Interferometer for Cosmology, is a novel forthcoming instrument to measure the B-mode polarization anisotropy of the Cosmic Microwave Background. The detection of the B-mode signal will be extremely challenging; QUBIC has been designed to address this with a novel approach, namely bolometric interferometry. The receiver cryostat is exceptionally large and cools complex optical and detector stages to 40 K, 4 K, 1 K and 350 mK using two pulse tube coolers, a novel He-4 sorption cooler and a double-stage He-3/He-4 sorption cooler. We discuss the thermal and mechanical design of the cryostat, modelling and thermal analysis, and laboratory cryogenic testing.	[Chapron, C.; Piat, M.; Thermeau, J. -P.; Bigot-Sazy, M. -A.; Bleurvacq, N.; Bordier, G.; Breelle, E.; Chanial, P.; Charlassier, R.; Giraud-Heraud, Y.; Grandsire, L.; Hamilton, J. -Ch.; Hoang, D. T.; Kaplan, J.; Loucatos, S.; Perbost, C.; Prele, D.; Salatino, M.; Stolpovskiy, M.; Tartari, A.; Torchinsky, S. A.; Voisin, F.] CNRS, Astroparticule & Cosmol, IN2P3, Paris, France; [Korotkov, A.; Tucker, G.] Brown Univ, Providence, RI 02912 USA; [Schillaci, A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Ade, P.; Pisano, G.; Tucker, C.] Cardiff Univ, Cardiff, S Glam, Wales; [Belier, B.] Ctr Nanosci & Nanotechnol, Orsay, France; [Berge, L.; Dumoulin, L.; Marnieros, S.; Olivieri, E.] CNRS, Ctr Spectrometrie Nucl & Spectrometrie Masse, IN2P3, Orsay, France; [Gomez Berisso, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Harari, D.; Pastoriza, H.] Ctr Atom Bariloche, San Carlos De Bariloche, Rio Negro, Argentina; [Gomez Berisso, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Harari, D.; Pastoriza, H.] Inst Balseiro CNEA, San Carlos De Bariloche, Rio Negro, Argentina; [Bonaparte, J.; Di Donato, A.; Fasciszewski, A.] Ctr Atom Constituyentes CNEA, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Kristukat, C.] Escuela Ciencia & Tecnol UNSAM, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Gamboa Lerena, M. M.; Scoccola, C. G.] Univ Nacl La Plata, Fac Cs Astron & Geofis, CONICET, La Plata, Buenos Aires, Argentina; [Mundo, L. M.; Ringegni, P.] Univ Nacl La Plata, GEMA, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Banfi, S.; Bau, A.; Gervasi, M.; Passerini, A.; Zannoni, M.] INFN Milano Bicocca, Milan, Italy; [D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; Masi, S.; Amico, G.; Battistelli, E.; Buzi, D.; Columbro, F.; Coppolecchia, A.; De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Lamagna, L.; Mattei, A.; Mele, L.; Paiella, A.; Pelosi, A.; Piacentini, F.; Polenta, G.; Puddu, R.; Zullo, A.] Ist Nazl Fis Nucl, Sez Roma 1, Rome, Italy; [Buzzelli, A.; De Gasperis, G.; Vittorio, N.] Ist Nazl Fis Nucl, Sez Roma 2, Rome, Italy; [Aumont, J.; Maffei, B.] CNRS, Inst Astrophys Spatiale, INSU, Orsay, France; [Bernard, J. -Ph.; Giard, M.; Montier, L.; Pajot, F.; Rambaud, D.] CNRS, Inst Rech Astrophys & Planetol, INSU, Toulouse, France; [Scully, S.] Inst Technol Carlow, Carlow, Ireland; [Medina, M. C.; Romero, G. E.] Consejo Nacl Invest Cient & Tecn, Inst Argentino Radioastron, CIC, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Etchegoyen, A.; Garcia, B.; Suarez, F.] UNSAM, Inst Tecnol Detecc & Astroparticulas, CNEA, CONICET, Godoy Cruz, Argentina; [May, A. J.; Coppi, G.; Melhuish, S.; Piccirillo, L.; Haynes, V.; McCulloch, M. A.; Watson, B.] Univ Manchester, Jodrell Bank, Ctr Astrophys, Manchester, Lancs, England; [Auguste, D.; Bonis, J.; Couchot, F.; Garrido, X.; Gaspard, M.; Guerrard, E.; Henrot-Versille, S.; Jules, E.; Louis, T.; Perdereau, O.; Tristram, M.; Truongcanh, V.; Vanneste, S.; Wicek, F.] CNRS, Lab Accelerateur Lineaire, IN2P3, Orsay, France; [Bennett, D.; Burke, D.; Gayer, D.; Gradziel, M.; Murphy, J. A.; Murphy, J. D.; O'Sullivan, C.] Natl Univ Ireland, Maynooth, Kildare, Ireland; [Barbaran, G.; Luterstein, R.] Reg Noroeste CNEA, Salta, Argentina; [Battaglia, P.; Bersanelli, M.; Cavaliere, F.; Franceschet, C.; Incardona, F.; Mennella, A.; Pezzotta, F.; Vigano, D.] Univ Milan, Milan, Italy; [Banfi, S.; Bau, A.; Gervasi, M.; Passerini, A.; Spinelli, S.; Zannoni, M.] Univ Milano Bicocca, Milan, Italy; [D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; Masi, S.; Schillaci, A.; Amico, G.; Battistelli, E.; Buzi, D.; Columbro, F.; Coppolecchia, A.; De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Lamagna, L.; Mele, L.; Paiella, A.; Piacentini, F.; Polenta, G.; Puddu, R.] Univ Roma La Sapienza, Rome, Italy; [Buzzelli, A.; D'Agostino, R.; De Gasperis, G.; Lukovic, V.; Vittorio, N.] Univ Roma Tor Vergata, Rome, Italy; [Bunn, E.] Univ Richmond, Richmond, VA 23173 USA; [Hoang, D. T.] USTH, VAST, Hanoi, Vietnam; [Gault, A.; Lowitz, A.; Timbie, P.] Univ Wisconsin, Madison, WI USA	May, AJ (corresponding author), Univ Manchester, Jodrell Bank, Ctr Astrophys, Manchester, Lancs, England.	andrew.may-3@postgrad.manchester.ac.uk; silvia.masi@roma1.infn.it	Tartari, Andrea/F-2600-2014; Gervasi, Massimo/AAG-7022-2020; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/C-8534-2012; Hamilton, Jean-Christophe/AAW-8855-2020; PRELE, Damien/AAI-3497-2020; Piacentini, Francesco/E-7234-2010; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/Q-6532-2019; Tartari, Andrea/AAE-7150-2019; Gomez Berisso, Mariano/I-2931-2017; Zannoni, Mario/H-6391-2017	Tartari, Andrea/0000-0003-3082-138X; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/0000-0003-2899-2171; PRELE, Damien/0000-0002-6680-1930; Piacentini, Francesco/0000-0002-5444-9327; Tartari, Andrea/0000-0003-3082-138X; MENNELLA, ANIELLO/0000-0002-5343-6655; Gomez Berisso, Mariano/0000-0001-5530-0180; Romero, Gustavo E./0000-0002-5260-1807; Paiella, Alessandro/0000-0002-8388-3480; Franceschet, Cristian/0000-0002-3528-5240; Coppi, Gabriele/0000-0002-6362-6524; Tucker, Carole/0000-0002-1851-3918; Aumont, Jonathan/0000-0001-6279-0691; Garcia, Beatriz/0000-0003-0919-2734; Incardona, Federico/0000-0002-2568-0917; Columbro, Fabio/0000-0002-2404-1056; Murphy, James/0000-0001-6296-0283; De Petris, Marco/0000-0001-7859-2139; Zannoni, Mario/0000-0002-4495-571X	INFN in ItalyIstituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare (INFN); UnivEarthS Labex program at Sorbonne Paris Cite [ANR-10-LABX-0023, ANR-11-IDEX-0005-02]; STFCScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC) [ST/L000768/1]; STFC PhD studentshipScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC); Institute of Physics Low Temperature Group; IN2P3 in France	The authors would like to acknowledge the support of INFN in Italy and IN2P3 in France. The APC team acknowledges the support of the UnivEarthS Labex program at Sorbonne Paris Cite (ANR-10-LABX-0023 and ANR-11-IDEX-0005-02). The University of Manchester team would like to acknowledge the support of STFC grant ST/L000768/1 and the assistance of the School of Physics and Astronomy workshop in manufacture of many of the sub-4 K systems detailed in this paper. AJM is supported by an STFC PhD studentship and his attendance is supported by the Institute of Physics Low Temperature Group.		17	3	3	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107083V	10.1117/12.2312085			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300072		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	O'Sullivan, C; Burke, D; Gayer, D; Murphy, JD; Scully, S; De Leo, M; De Petris, M; Mattei, A; Zullo, A; Mennella, A; Zannoni, M; Bleurvacq, N; Chapron, C; Hamilton, JC; Piat, M; Ade, P; Amico, G; Auguste, D; Aumont, J; Banfi, S; Barbaran, G; Battaglia, P; Battistelli, E; Bau, A; Belier, B; Bennett, D; Berge, L; Bernard, JP; Bersanelli, M; Bigot-Sazy, MA; Bonaparte, J; Bonis, J; Bordier, G; Breelle, E; Bunn, E; Buzi, D; Buzzelli, A; Cavaliere, F; Chanial, P; Charlassier, R; Columbro, F; Coppi, G; Coppolecchia, A; Couchot, F; D'Agostino, R; D'Alessandro, G; de Bernardis, P; De Gasperis, G; Di Donato, A; Dumoulin, L; Etchegoyen, A; Fasciszewski, A; Franceschet, C; Lerena, MMG; Garcia, B; Garrido, X; Gaspard, M; Gault, A; Gervasi, M; Giard, M; Giraud-Heraud, Y; Berisso, MG; Gonzalez, M; Gradziel, M; Grandsire, L; Guerrard, E; Harari, D; Haynes, V; Henrot-Versille, S; Hoang, DT; Incardona, F; Jules, E; Kaplan, J; Korotkov, A; Kristukat, C; Lamagna, L; Loucatos, S; Louis, T; Lowitz, A; Lukovic, V; Luterstein, R; Maffei, B; Marnieros, S; Masi, S; May, A; McCulloch, M; Medina, MC; Mele, L; Melhuish, S; Montier, L; Mundo, LM; Murphy, JA; Olivieri, E; Paiella, A; Pajot, F; Passerini, A; Pastoriza, H; Pelosi, A; Perbost, C; Perdereau, O; Pezzotta, F; Piacentini, F; Piccirillo, L; Pisano, G; Polenta, G; Prele, D; Puddu, R; Rambaud, D; Ringegni, P; Romero, GE; Salatino, M; Schillaci, A; Scoccola, CG; Spinelli, S; Stolpovskiy, M; Suarez, F; Tartari, A; Thermeau, JP; Timbie, P; Torchinsky, SA; Tristram, M; Truongcanh, V; Tucker, C; Tucker, G; Vanneste, S; Vigano, D; Vittorio, N; Voisin, F; Watson, B; Wicek, F		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		O'Sullivan, C.; Burke, D.; Gayer, D.; Murphy, J. D.; Scully, S.; De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Mattei, A.; Zullo, A.; Mennella, A.; Zannoni, M.; Bleurvacq, N.; Chapron, C.; Hamilton, J-Ch.; Piat, M.; Ade, P.; Amico, G.; Auguste, D.; Aumont, J.; Banfi, S.; Barbaran, G.; Battaglia, P.; Battistelli, E.; Bau, A.; Belier, B.; Bennett, D.; Berge, L.; Bernard, J-Ph.; Bersanelli, M.; Bigot-Sazy, M-A.; Bonaparte, J.; Bonis, J.; Bordier, G.; Breelle, E.; Bunn, E.; Buzi, D.; Buzzelli, A.; Cavaliere, F.; Chanial, P.; Charlassier, R.; Columbro, F.; Coppi, G.; Coppolecchia, A.; Couchot, F.; D'Agostino, R.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; De Gasperis, G.; Di Donato, A.; Dumoulin, L.; Etchegoyen, A.; Fasciszewski, A.; Franceschet, C.; Gamboa Lerena, M. M.; Garcia, B.; Garrido, X.; Gaspard, M.; Gault, A.; Gervasi, M.; Giard, M.; Giraud-Heraud, Y.; Gomez Berisso, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Gradziel, M.; Grandsire, L.; Guerrard, E.; Harari, D.; Haynes, V.; Henrot-Versille, S.; Hoang, D. T.; Incardona, F.; Jules, E.; Kaplan, J.; Korotkov, A.; Kristukat, C.; Lamagna, L.; Loucatos, S.; Louis, T.; Lowitz, A.; Lukovic, V.; Luterstein, R.; Maffei, B.; Marnieros, S.; Masi, S.; May, A.; McCulloch, M.; Medina, M. C.; Mele, L.; Melhuish, S.; Montier, L.; Mundo, L. M.; Murphy, J. A.; Olivieri, E.; Paiella, A.; Pajot, F.; Passerini, A.; Pastoriza, H.; Pelosi, A.; Perbost, C.; Perdereau, O.; Pezzotta, F.; Piacentini, F.; Piccirillo, L.; Pisano, G.; Polenta, G.; Prele, D.; Puddu, R.; Rambaud, D.; Ringegni, P.; Romero, G. E.; Salatino, M.; Schillaci, A.; Scoccola, C. G.; Spinelli, S.; Stolpovskiy, M.; Suarez, F.; Tartari, A.; Thermeau, J-P.; Timbie, P.; Torchinsky, S. A.; Tristram, M.; Truongcanh, V.; Tucker, C.; Tucker, G.; Vanneste, S.; Vigano, D.; Vittorio, N.; Voisin, F.; Watson, B.; Wicek, F.			Simulations and performance of the QUBIC optical beam combiner	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		CMB; B-modes; bolometric interferometry; QUBIC; physical optics	DESIGN	QUBIC, the Q & U Bolometric Interferometer for Cosmology, is a novel ground-based instrument that aims to measure the extremely faint B-mode polarisation anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background at intermediate angular scales (multipoles of l = 30 - 200). Primordial B-modes are a key prediction of Inflation as they can only be produced by gravitational waves in the very early universe. To achieve this goal, QUBIC will use bolometric interferometry, a technique that combines the sensitivity of an imager with the immunity to systematic effects of an interferometer. It will directly observe the sky through an array of back-to-back entry horns whose beams will be superimposed using a cooled quasi-optical beam combiner. Images of the resulting interference fringes will be formed on two focal planes, each tiled with transition-edge sensors, cooled down to 320 mK. A dichroic filter placed between the optical combiner and the focal planes will select two frequency bands (centred at 150 GHz and 220 GHz), one frequency per focal plane. Polarization modulation will be achieved using a cold stepped half-wave plate (HWP) and polariser in front of the sky-facing horns. The full QUBIC instrument is described elsewhere(1,2,3,4); in this paper we will concentrate in particular on simulations of the optical combiner (an off-axis Gregorian imager) and the feedhorn array. We model the optical performance of both the QUBIC full module and a scaled-down technological demonstrator which will be used to validate the full instrument design. Optical modelling is carried out using full vector physical optics with a combination of commercial and in-house software. In the high-frequency channel we must be careful to consider the higher-order modes that can be transmitted by the horn array. The instrument window function is used as a measure of performance and we investigate the effect of, for example, alignment and manufacturing tolerances, truncation by optical components and off-axis aberrations. We also report on laboratory tests carried on the QUBIC technological demonstrator in advance of deployment to the observing site in Argentina.	[O'Sullivan, C.; Burke, D.; Gayer, D.; Murphy, J. D.; Scully, S.; Bennett, D.; Gradziel, M.; Medina, M. C.; Mundo, L. M.; Murphy, J. A.; Ringegni, P.; Romero, G. E.; Schillaci, A.] Natl Univ Ireland, Dept Exp Phys, Maynooth, Kildare, Ireland; [Scully, S.] Inst Technol Carlow, Carlow, Carlow, Ireland; [De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Amico, G.; Battistelli, E.; Buzi, D.; Columbro, F.; Coppolecchia, A.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; Lamagna, L.; Masi, S.; Mele, L.; Paiella, A.; Piacentini, F.; Polenta, G.; Puddu, R.] Univ Roma La Sapienza, Dip Fis, Rome, Italy; [De Petris, M.; Mattei, A.; Zullo, A.; Battistelli, E.; Coppolecchia, A.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; Lamagna, L.; Masi, S.; Paiella, A.; Pelosi, A.; Piacentini, F.; Polenta, G.; Puddu, R.] INFN, Sez Roma 1, Rome, Italy; [Mennella, A.; Battaglia, P.; Bersanelli, M.; Cavaliere, F.; Franceschet, C.; Incardona, F.; Pezzotta, F.; Vigano, D.] Univ Milan, Phys Dept, Milan, Italy; [Mennella, A.; Bersanelli, M.; Franceschet, C.; Incardona, F.] INFN Milano, Milan, Italy; [Zannoni, M.; Banfi, S.; Bau, A.; Gervasi, M.; Passerini, A.; Spinelli, S.] Univ Milano Bicocca, Phys Dept, Milan, Italy; [Zannoni, M.; Banfi, S.; Bau, A.; Gervasi, M.; Passerini, A.] INFN Milano Bicocca, Milan, Italy; [Bleurvacq, N.; Chapron, C.; Hamilton, J-Ch.; Piat, M.; Bigot-Sazy, M-A.; Bordier, G.; Breelle, E.; Chanial, P.; Charlassier, R.; Giraud-Heraud, Y.; Grandsire, L.; Hoang, D. T.; Kaplan, J.; Loucatos, S.; Perbost, C.; Prele, D.; Salatino, M.; Stolpovskiy, M.; Tartari, A.; Thermeau, J-P.; Torchinsky, S. A.; Voisin, F.] Univ Paris Diderot Paris 7, CNRS, IN2P3, Astroparticule & Cosmol, Paris, France; [Ade, P.; Pisano, G.; Tucker, C.] Cardiff Univ, Sch Phys & Astron, Cardiff, S Glam, Wales; [Auguste, D.; Bonis, J.; Couchot, F.; Garrido, X.; Gaspard, M.; Guerrard, E.; Henrot-Versille, S.; Jules, E.; Louis, T.; Perdereau, O.; Tristram, M.; Truongcanh, V.; Vanneste, S.; Wicek, F.] CNRS, IN2P3, Lab Accelerateur Lineaire, Paris, France; [Aumont, J.; Maffei, B.] CNRS, INSU, Inst Astrophys Spatiale, Paris, France; [Barbaran, G.; Luterstein, R.] CNEA, Reg Noroeste, Salta Cuty, Salta Province, Argentina; [Belier, B.] Ctr Nanosci & Nanotechnol, Paris, France; [Berge, L.; Dumoulin, L.; Marnieros, S.; Olivieri, E.] CNRS, IN2P3, Ctr Spectrometrie Nucl & Spectrometrie Masse, Paris, France; [Bernard, J-Ph.; Giard, M.; Montier, L.; Pajot, F.; Rambaud, D.] CNRS, INSU, Inst Rech Astrophys & Planetol, Toulouse, France; [Bonaparte, J.; Di Donato, A.; Fasciszewski, A.] CNEA, Ctr Atom Constituyentes, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Bunn, E.] Univ Richmond, Richmond, VA 23173 USA; [Buzzelli, A.; D'Agostino, R.; De Gasperis, G.; Lukovic, V.; Vittorio, N.] Univ Roma Tor Vergata, Rome, Italy; [Coppi, G.; Haynes, V.; May, A.; McCulloch, M.; Melhuish, S.; Piccirillo, L.; Watson, B.] Univ Manchester, Sch Phys & Astron, Manchester, Lancs, England; [Etchegoyen, A.; Garcia, B.; Suarez, F.] UNSAM, CONICET, CNEA, Inst Tecnol Detecc & Astroparticulas, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Gamboa Lerena, M. M.; Scoccola, C. G.] Univ Nacl La Plata, CONICET, FCAG, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Gault, A.; Lowitz, A.; Timbie, P.] Univ Wisconsin, Madison, WI USA; [Gomez Berisso, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Harari, D.; Pastoriza, H.] CNEA, Ctr Atom Bariloche, San Carlos De Bariloche, Rio Negro, Argentina; [Gomez Berisso, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Harari, D.; Pastoriza, H.] CNEA, Inst Balseiro, San Carlos De Bariloche, Rio Negro, Argentina; [Korotkov, A.; Tucker, G.] Brown Univ, Providence, RI 02912 USA; [Kristukat, C.] UNSAM, Escuela Ciencia & Tecnol, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Medina, M. C.; Romero, G. E.] Consejo Nacl Invest Cient & Tecn, CIC, Inst Argentino Radioastron, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Mundo, L. M.; Ringegni, P.] Univ Nacl La Plata, GEMA, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Schillaci, A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	O'Sullivan, C (corresponding author), Natl Univ Ireland, Dept Exp Phys, Maynooth, Kildare, Ireland.	creidhe.osullivan@mu.ie	de Gasperis, Giancarlo/C-8534-2012; Gervasi, Massimo/AAG-7022-2020; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/Q-6532-2019; PRELE, Damien/AAI-3497-2020; Tartari, Andrea/AAE-7150-2019; Piacentini, Francesco/E-7234-2010; Tartari, Andrea/F-2600-2014; Hamilton, Jean-Christophe/AAW-8855-2020; Zannoni, Mario/H-6391-2017; Gomez Berisso, Mariano/I-2931-2017	de Gasperis, Giancarlo/0000-0003-2899-2171; PRELE, Damien/0000-0002-6680-1930; Tartari, Andrea/0000-0003-3082-138X; Piacentini, Francesco/0000-0002-5444-9327; Tartari, Andrea/0000-0003-3082-138X; Franceschet, Cristian/0000-0002-3528-5240; Tucker, Carole/0000-0002-1851-3918; Aumont, Jonathan/0000-0001-6279-0691; Columbro, Fabio/0000-0002-2404-1056; Garcia, Beatriz/0000-0003-0919-2734; Murphy, James/0000-0001-6296-0283; Paiella, Alessandro/0000-0002-8388-3480; Coppi, Gabriele/0000-0002-6362-6524; Zannoni, Mario/0000-0002-4495-571X; De Petris, Marco/0000-0001-7859-2139; Romero, Gustavo E./0000-0002-5260-1807; Gomez Berisso, Mariano/0000-0001-5530-0180; MENNELLA, ANIELLO/0000-0002-5343-6655; Incardona, Federico/0000-0002-2568-0917	Irish Research Council under the Government of Ireland Postgraduate Scholarship scheme; UnivEarthS Labex program at Sorbonne Paris Cite [ANR-10-LABX-0023, ANR-11-IDEX-0005-02]; INFN in ItalyIstituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare (INFN); CNRS/IN2P3 in France	D. Burke and J.D. Murphy acknowledge funding from the Irish Research Council under the Government of Ireland Postgraduate Scholarship scheme. M. De Leo thanks the Astrophysics Group at the University of Surrey for allowing his continued participation in the QUBIC Collaboration. The APC team acknowledges the financial support of the UnivEarthS Labex program at Sorbonne Paris Cite (ANR-10-LABX-0023 and ANR-11-IDEX-0005-02). INFN in Italy and CNRS/IN2P3 in France are thanked for their funding of the QUBIC project.		18	0	0	1	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107082I	10.1117/12.2313256			16	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300044		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	O'Sullivan, C; Ade, P; Amico, G; Auguste, D; Aumont, J; Banfi, S; Barbaran, G; Battaglia, P; Battistelli, E; Bau, A; Belier, B; Bennett, D; Berge, L; Bernard, JP; Bersanelli, M; Bigot-Sazy, MA; Bleurvacq, N; Bonaparte, J; Bonis, J; Bordier, G; Breelle, E; Bunn, E; Burke, D; Buzi, D; Buzzelli, A; Cavaliere, F; Chanial, P; Chapron, C; Charlassier, R; Columbro, F; Coppi, G; Coppolecchia, A; Couchot, F; D'Agostino, R; D'Alessandro, G; de Bernardis, P; De Gasperis, G; De Leo, M; De Petris, M; Di Donato, A; Dumoulin, L; Etchegoyen, A; Fasciszewski, A; Franceschet, C; Lerena, MMG; Garcia, B; Garrido, X; Gaspard, M; Gault, A; Gayer, D; Gervasi, M; Giard, M; Giraud-Heraud, Y; Berissow, MG; Gonzalez, M; Gradziel, M; Grandsire, L; Guerrard, E; Hamilton, JC; Harari, D; Haynes, V; Henrot-Versille, S; Hoang, DT; Incardona, F; Jules, E; Kaplan, J; Korotkov, A; Kristukat, C; Lamagna, L; Loucatos, S; Louis, T; Lowitz, A; Lukovic, V; Luterstein, R; Maffei, B; Marnieros, S; Masi, S; Mattei, A; May, A; McCulloch, M; Medina, MC; Mele, L; Melhuish, S; Mennella, A; Montier, L; Mundo, LM; Murphy, JA; Murphy, JD; Olivieri, E; Paiella, A; Pajot, F; Passerini, A; Pastoriza, H; Pelosi, A; Perbost, C; Perdereau, O; Pezzotta, F; Piacentini, F; Piat, M; Piccirillo, L; Pisano, G; Polenta, G; Prele, D; Puddu, R; Rambaud, D; Ringegni, P; Romero, GE; Salatino, M; Schillaci, A; Scoccola, CG; Scully, S; Spinelli, S; Stolpovskiy, M; Suarez, F; Tartari, A; Thermeau, JP; Timbie, P; Torchinsky, SA; Tristram, M; Truongcanh, V; Tucker, C; Tucker, G; Vanneste, S; Vigano, D; Vittorio, N; Voisin, F; Watson, B; Wicek, F; Zannoni, M; Zullo, A		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		O'Sullivan, C.; Ade, P.; Amico, G.; Auguste, D.; Aumont, J.; Banfi, S.; Barbaran, G.; Battaglia, P.; Battistelli, E.; Bau, A.; Belier, B.; Bennett, D.; Berge, L.; Bernard, J-Ph.; Bersanelli, M.; Bigot-Sazy, M-A.; Bleurvacq, N.; Bonaparte, J.; Bonis, J.; Bordier, G.; Breelle, E.; Bunn, E.; Burke, D.; Buzi, D.; Buzzelli, A.; Cavaliere, F.; Chanial, P.; Chapron, C.; Charlassier, R.; Columbro, F.; Coppi, G.; Coppolecchia, A.; Couchot, F.; D'Agostino, R.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; De Gasperis, G.; De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Di Donato, A.; Dumoulin, L.; Etchegoyen, A.; Fasciszewski, A.; Franceschet, C.; Gamboa Lerena, M. M.; Garcia, B.; Garrido, X.; Gaspard, M.; Gault, A.; Gayer, D.; Gervasi, M.; Giard, M.; Giraud-Heraud, Y.; Gomez Berissow, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Gradziel, M.; Grandsire, L.; Guerrard, E.; Hamilton, J-Ch.; Harari, D.; Haynes, V.; Henrot-Versille, S.; Hoang, D. T.; Incardona, F.; Jules, E.; Kaplan, J.; Korotkov, A.; Kristukat, C.; Lamagna, L.; Loucatos, S.; Louis, T.; Lowitz, A.; Lukovic, V.; Luterstein, R.; Maffei, B.; Marnieros, S.; Masi, S.; Mattei, A.; May, A.; McCulloch, M.; Medina, M. C.; Mele, L.; Melhuish, S.; Mennella, A.; Montier, L.; Mundo, L. M.; Murphy, J. A.; Murphy, J. D.; Olivieri, E.; Paiella, A.; Pajot, F.; Passerini, A.; Pastoriza, H.; Pelosi, A.; Perbost, C.; Perdereau, O.; Pezzotta, F.; Piacentini, F.; Piat, M.; Piccirillo, L.; Pisano, G.; Polenta, G.; Prele, D.; Puddu, R.; Rambaud, D.; Ringegni, P.; Romero, G. E.; Salatino, M.; Schillaci, A.; Scoccola, C. G.; Scully, S.; Spinelli, S.; Stolpovskiy, M.; Suarez, F.; Tartari, A.; Thermeau, J-P.; Timbie, P.; Torchinsky, S. A.; Tristram, M.; Truongcanh, V.; Tucker, C.; Tucker, G.; Vanneste, S.; Vigano, D.; Vittorio, N.; Voisin, F.; Watson, B.; Wicek, F.; Zannoni, M.; Zullo, A.			QUBIC: the Q and U bolometric interferometer for cosmology	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		CMB; B-modes; bolometric interferometry; QUBIC	POLARIZATION	QUBIC, the Q & U Bolometric Interferometer for Cosmology, is a novel ground-based instrument that has been designed to measure the extremely faint B-mode polarisation anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background at intermediate angular scales (multipoles of l = 30 - 200). Primordial B-modes are a key prediction of Inflation as they can only be produced by gravitational waves in the very early universe. To achieve this goal, QUBIC will use bolometric interferometry, a technique that combines the sensitivity of an imager with the systematic error control of an interferometer. It will directly observe the sky through an array of 400 back-to-back entry horns whose signals will be superimposed using a quasi-optical beam combiner. The resulting interference fringes will be imaged at 150 and 220 GHz on two focal planes, each tiled with NbSi Transition Edge Sensors, cooled to 320 mK and read out with time-domain multiplexing. A dichroic filter placed between the optical combiner and the focal planes will select the two frequency bands. A very large receiver cryostat will cool the optical and detector stages to 40 K, 4 K, 1 K and 320 mK using two pulse tube coolers, a novel 4He sorption cooler and a double-stage 3He/4He sorption cooler. Polarisation modulation and selection will be achieved using a cold stepped half-wave plate (HWP) and polariser, respectively, in front of the sky-facing horns. A key feature of QUBIC's ability to control systematic effects is its 'self-calibration' mode where fringe patterns from individual equivalent baselines can be compared. When observing, however, all the horns will be open simultaneously and we will recover a synthetic image of the sky in the I, Q and U Stokes' parameters. The synthesised beam pattern has a central peak of approximately 0.5 degrees in width, with secondary peaks further out that are damped by the 13-degree primary beam of the horns. This is Module 1 of QUBIC which will be installed in Argentina, near the city of San Antonio de los Cobres, at the Alto Chorrillos site (4869 m a.s.l.), Salta Province. Simulations have shown that this first module could constrain the tensor-to-scalar ratio down to sigma(r) = 0.01 after a two-year survey. We aim to add further modules in the future to increase the angular sensitivity and resolution of the instrument. The QUBIC project is proceeding through a sequence of steps. After an initial successful characterisation of the detection chain, a technological demonstrator is being assembled to validate the full instrument design and to test it electrically, thermally and optically. The technical demonstrator is a scaled-down version of Module 1 in terms of the number of detectors, input horns and pulse tubes and a reduction in the diameter of the combiner mirrors and filters, but is otherwise similar. The demonstrator will be upgraded to the full module in 2019. In this paper we give an overview of the QUBIC project and instrument.	[O'Sullivan, C.; Bennett, D.; Burke, D.; Gayer, D.; Gradziel, M.; Mundo, L. M.; Murphy, J. A.; Murphy, J. D.; Ringegni, P.; Schillaci, A.; Scully, S.] Natl Univ Ireland, Dept Exp Phys, Maynooth, Kildare, Ireland; [Ade, P.; Pisano, G.; Tucker, C.] Cardiff Univ, Sch Phys & Astron, Cardiff, S Glam, Wales; [Amico, G.; Battistelli, E.; Buzi, D.; Columbro, F.; Coppolecchia, A.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Lamagna, L.; Masi, S.; Mele, L.; Paiella, A.; Piacentini, F.; Polenta, G.; Puddu, R.] Univ Roma La Sapienza, Dip Fis, Rome, Italy; [Auguste, D.; Bonis, J.; Couchot, F.; Garrido, X.; Gaspard, M.; Guerrard, E.; Henrot-Versille, S.; Jules, E.; Louis, T.; Perdereau, O.; Tristram, M.; Truongcanh, V.; Vanneste, S.; Wicek, F.] CNRS, Lab Accelerateur Lineaire, IN2P3, Paris, France; [Aumont, J.; Maffei, B.] CNRS, Inst Astrophys Spatiale, INSU, Paris, France; [Banfi, S.; Bau, A.; Gervasi, M.; Passerini, A.; Spinelli, S.; Zannoni, M.] Univ Milano Bicocca, Phys Dept, Milan, Italy; [Banfi, S.; Bau, A.; Gervasi, M.; Passerini, A.; Zannoni, M.] INFN Milano Bicocca, Milan, Italy; [Barbaran, G.; Luterstein, R.] Reg Noroeste CNEA, Salta City, Salta Province, Argentina; [Battaglia, P.; Bersanelli, M.; Cavaliere, F.; Franceschet, C.; Incardona, F.; Mennella, A.; Pezzotta, F.; Vigano, D.] Univ Milan, Phys Dept, Milan, Italy; [Battistelli, E.; Coppolecchia, A.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; De Petris, M.; Lamagna, L.; Masi, S.; Mattei, A.; Paiella, A.; Pelosi, A.; Piacentini, F.; Polenta, G.; Puddu, R.; Zullo, A.] INFN, Sez Roma 1, Rome, Italy; [Belier, B.] Ctr Nanosci & Nanotechnol, Paris, France; [Berge, L.; Dumoulin, L.; Marnieros, S.; Olivieri, E.] CNRS, Ctr Spectrometrie Nucl & Spectrometrie Masse, IN2P3, Paris, France; [Bernard, J-Ph.; Giard, M.; Montier, L.; Pajot, F.; Rambaud, D.] CNRS, Inst Rech Astrophys & Planetol, INSU, Toulouse, France; [Bersanelli, M.; Franceschet, C.; Incardona, F.; Mennella, A.] INFN Milano, Milan, Italy; [Bigot-Sazy, M-A.; Bleurvacq, N.; Bordier, G.; Breelle, E.; Chanial, P.; Chapron, C.; Charlassier, R.; Giraud-Heraud, Y.; Grandsire, L.; Hamilton, J-Ch.; Hoang, D. T.; Kaplan, J.; Loucatos, S.; Perbost, C.; Piat, M.; Prele, D.; Salatino, M.; Stolpovskiy, M.; Tartari, A.; Thermeau, J-P.; Torchinsky, S. A.; Voisin, F.] Univ Paris Diderot Paris 7, CNRS, IN2P3, Astroparticule & Cosmol, Paris, France; [Bonaparte, J.; Di Donato, A.; Fasciszewski, A.] CNEA, Ctr Atom Constituyentes, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Bunn, E.] Univ Richmond, Richmond, VA 23173 USA; [Buzzelli, A.; D'Agostino, R.; De Gasperis, G.; Lukovic, V.; Vittorio, N.] Univ Roma Tor Vergata, Rome, Italy; [Coppi, G.; Haynes, V.; May, A.; McCulloch, M.; Melhuish, S.; Piccirillo, L.; Watson, B.] Univ Manchester, Sch Phys & Astron, Manchester, Lancs, England; [Etchegoyen, A.; Garcia, B.; Suarez, F.] UNSAM, CONICET, CNEA, Inst Tecnol Detecc & Astroparticulas, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Gamboa Lerena, M. M.; Scoccola, C. G.] Univ Nacl La Plata, CONICET, FCAG, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Gault, A.; Lowitz, A.; Timbie, P.] Univ Wisconsin, Madison, WI USA; [Gomez Berissow, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Harari, D.; Pastoriza, H.] CNEA, Ctr Atom Bariloche, San Carlos De Bariloche, Rio Negro, Argentina; [Gomez Berissow, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Harari, D.; Pastoriza, H.] CNEA, Inst Balseiro, San Carlos De Bariloche, Rio Negro, Argentina; [Korotkov, A.; Tucker, G.] Brown Univ, Providence, RI 02912 USA; [Kristukat, C.] UNSAM, Escuela Ciencia & Tecnol, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Medina, M. C.; Romero, G. E.] Consejo Nacl Invest Cient & Tecn, CIC, Inst Argentino Radioastron, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Mundo, L. M.; Ringegni, P.] Univ Nacl La Plata, GEMA, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Schillaci, A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Scully, S.] Inst Technol Carlow, Carlow, Co Carlow, Ireland	O'Sullivan, C (corresponding author), Natl Univ Ireland, Dept Exp Phys, Maynooth, Kildare, Ireland.	creidhe.osullivan@mu.ie	PRELE, Damien/AAI-3497-2020; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/C-8534-2012; Hamilton, Jean-Christophe/AAW-8855-2020; Gervasi, Massimo/AAG-7022-2020; Tartari, Andrea/AAE-7150-2019; Tartari, Andrea/F-2600-2014; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/Q-6532-2019; Piacentini, Francesco/E-7234-2010; Zannoni, Mario/H-6391-2017; Gomez Berisso, Mariano/I-2931-2017	PRELE, Damien/0000-0002-6680-1930; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/0000-0003-2899-2171; Tartari, Andrea/0000-0003-3082-138X; Tartari, Andrea/0000-0003-3082-138X; Piacentini, Francesco/0000-0002-5444-9327; Incardona, Federico/0000-0002-2568-0917; MENNELLA, ANIELLO/0000-0002-5343-6655; Paiella, Alessandro/0000-0002-8388-3480; Coppi, Gabriele/0000-0002-6362-6524; De Petris, Marco/0000-0001-7859-2139; Murphy, James/0000-0001-6296-0283; Garcia, Beatriz/0000-0003-0919-2734; Tucker, Carole/0000-0002-1851-3918; Aumont, Jonathan/0000-0001-6279-0691; Franceschet, Cristian/0000-0002-3528-5240; Columbro, Fabio/0000-0002-2404-1056; Romero, Gustavo E./0000-0002-5260-1807; Zannoni, Mario/0000-0002-4495-571X; Gomez Berisso, Mariano/0000-0001-5530-0180	INFN in ItalyIstituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare (INFN); IN2P3/CNRS in FranceCentre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS); Irish Research Council under the Government of Ireland Postgraduate Scholarship scheme	INFN in Italy and IN2P3/CNRS in France are thanked for their funding of the QUBIC project. D. Burke and J.D. Murphy acknowledge funding from the Irish Research Council under the Government of Ireland Postgraduate Scholarship scheme. M. De Leo thanks the Astrophysics Group at the University of Surrey for allowing his continued participation in the QUBIC Collaboration.		29	1	1	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107082B	10.1117/12.2313332			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300038		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Redford, J; Wheeler, J; Karkare, K; Hailey-Dunsheath, S; Bradford, CM; Shirokoff, E; Barry, S; Che, G; Glenn, J; Leduc, HG; Mauskopf, P; McGeehan, R; Reck, T; Zmuidzinas, J		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Redford, J.; Wheeler, J.; Karkare, K.; Hailey-Dunsheath, S.; Bradford, C. M.; Shirokoff, E.; Barry, S.; Che, G.; Glenn, J.; Leduc, H. G.; Mauskopf, P.; McGeehan, R.; Reck, T.; Zmuidzinas, J.			The Design and Characterization of a 300 channel, optimized full-band Millimeter Filterbank for Science with SuperSpec	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Spectroscopy; Kinetic Inductance Detectors; Millimeter-Wave		SuperSpec is an integrated, on-chip spectrometer for millimeter and sub-millimeter astronomy. We report the approach, design optimization, and partial characterization of a 300 channel filterbank covering the 185 to 315 GHz frequency band that targets a resolving power R similar to 310, and fits on a 3.5 similar to 5.5 cm chip. SuperSpec uses a lens and broadband antenna to couple radiation into a niobium microstrip that feeds a bank of niobium microstrip half-wave resonators for frequency selectivity. Each half-wave resonator is coupled to the inductor of a titanium nitride lumped-element kinetic inductance detector (LEKID) that detects the incident radiation. The device was designed for use in a demonstration instrument at the Large Millimeter Telescope (LMT).	[Redford, J.; Hailey-Dunsheath, S.; Bradford, C. M.; Zmuidzinas, J.] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif St, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wheeler, J.; Glenn, J.] Univ Colorado, Ctr Astrophys & Space Astron, 2000 Colorado Ave, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Bradford, C. M.; Leduc, H. G.; Reck, T.; Zmuidzinas, J.] Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Karkare, K.; Shirokoff, E.; Barry, S.; McGeehan, R.] Univ Chicago, Dept Astron & Astrophys, 5640 South Ellis Ave, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Che, G.; Mauskopf, P.] Arizona State Univ, Sch Earth & Space Explorat, Tempe, AZ 85287 USA; [Che, G.; Mauskopf, P.] Arizona State Univ, Dept Phys, Tempe, AZ 85287 USA	Redford, J (corresponding author), CALTECH, 1200 E Calif St, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	jredford@caltech.edu		Karkare, Kirit/0000-0002-5215-6993				14	2	2	1	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107081O	10.1117/12.2313666			8	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300027		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Salatino, M; Belier, B; Chapron, C; Hoang, DT; Maestre, S; Marnieros, S; Marty, W; Montier, L; Piat, M; Prele, D; Rambaud, D; Stankowiak, G; Thermeau, JP; Torchinsky, SA; Henrot-Versille, S; Voisin, F; Ade, P; Amico, G; Auguste, D; Aumont, J; Banfi, S; Barbaran, G; Battaglia, P; Battistelli, E; Bau, A; Bennett, D; Berge, L; Bernard, JP; Bersanelli, M; Bigot-Sazy, MA; Bleurvacq, N; Bonaparte, J; Bonis, J; Bordier, G; Breelle, E; Bunn, E; Burke, D; Buzi, D; Buzzelli, A; Cavaliere, F; Chanial, P; Charlassier, R; Columbro, F; Coppi, G; Coppolecchia, A; Couchot, F; D'Agostino, R; D'Alessandro, G; de Bernardis, P; De Gasperis, G; De Leo, M; De Petris, M; Di Donato, A; Dumoulin, L; Etchegoyen, A; Fasciszewski, A; Franceschet, C; Lerena, MMG; Garcia, B; Garrido, X; Gaspard, M; Gault, A; Gayer, D; Gervasi, M; Giard, M; Giraud-Heraud, Y; Berisso, MG; Gonzalez, M; Gradziel, M; Grandsire, L; Guerrard, E; Hamilton, JC; Harari, D; Haynes, V; Incardona, F; Jules, E; Kaplan, J; Korotkov, A; Kristukat, C; Lamagna, L; Loucatos, S; Louis, T; Lowitz, A; Lukovic, V; Luterstein, R; Maffei, B; Masi, S; Mattei, A; May, AJ; McCulloch, MA; Medina, MC; Mele, L; Melhuish, S; Mennella, A; Mundo, LM; Murphy, JA; Murphy, JD; O'Sullivan, C; Olivieri, E; Paiella, A; Pajot, F; Passerini, A; Pastoriza, H; Pelosi, A; Perbost, C; Perdereau, O; Pezzotta, F; Piacentini, F; Piccirillo, L; Pisano, G; Polenta, G; Puddu, R; Ringegni, P; Romero, GE; Schillaci, A; Scoccola, CG; Scully, S; Spinelli, S; Stolpovskiy, M; Suarez, F; Tartari, A; Timbie, P; Tristram, M; Truongcanh, V; Tucker, C; Tucker, G; Vanneste, S; Vigano, D; Vittorio, N; Watson, B; Wicek, F; Zannoni, M; Zullo, A		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Salatino, M.; Belier, B.; Chapron, C.; Hoang, D. T.; Maestre, S.; Marnieros, S.; Marty, W.; Montier, L.; Piat, M.; Prele, D.; Rambaud, D.; Stankowiak, G.; Thermeau, J. P.; Torchinsky, S. A.; Henrot-Versille, S.; Voisin, F.; Ade, P.; Amico, G.; Auguste, D.; Aumont, J.; Banfi, S.; Barbaran, G.; Battaglia, P.; Battistelli, E.; Bau, A.; Bennett, D.; Berge, L.; Bernard, J. -Ph.; Bersanelli, M.; Bigot-Sazy, M. -A.; Bleurvacq, N.; Bonaparte, J.; Bonis, J.; Bordier, G.; Breelle, E.; Bunn, E.; Burke, D.; Buzi, D.; Buzzelli, A.; Cavaliere, F.; Chanial, P.; Charlassier, R.; Columbro, F.; Coppi, G.; Coppolecchia, A.; Couchot, F.; D'Agostino, R.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; De Gasperis, G.; De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Di Donato, A.; Dumoulin, L.; Etchegoyen, A.; Fasciszewski, A.; Franceschet, C.; Gamboa Lerena, M. M.; Garcia, B.; Garrido, X.; Gaspard, M.; Gault, A.; Gayer, D.; Gervasi, M.; Giard, M.; Giraud-Heraud, Y.; Gomez Berisso, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Gradziel, M.; Grandsire, L.; Guerrard, E.; Hamilton, J. -Ch.; Harari, D.; Haynes, V.; Incardona, F.; Jules, E.; Kaplan, J.; Korotkov, A.; Kristukat, C.; Lamagna, L.; Loucatos, S.; Louis, T.; Lowitz, A.; Lukovic, V.; Luterstein, R.; Maffei, B.; Masi, S.; Mattei, A.; May, A. J.; McCulloch, M. A.; Medina, M. C.; Mele, L.; Melhuish, S.; Mennella, A.; Mundo, L. M.; Murphy, J. A.; Murphy, J. D.; O'Sullivan, C.; Olivieri, E.; Paiella, A.; Pajot, F.; Passerini, A.; Pastoriza, H.; Pelosi, A.; Perbost, C.; Perdereau, O.; Pezzotta, F.; Piacentini, F.; Piccirillo, L.; Pisano, G.; Polenta, G.; Puddu, R.; Ringegni, P.; Romero, G. E.; Schillaci, A.; Scoccola, C. G.; Scully, S.; Spinelli, S.; Stolpovskiy, M.; Suarez, F.; Tartari, A.; Timbie, P.; Tristram, M.; Truongcanh, V.; Tucker, C.; Tucker, G.; Vanneste, S.; Vigano, D.; Vittorio, N.; Watson, B.; Wicek, F.; Zannoni, M.; Zullo, A.			Performance of NbSi Transition-Edge Sensors readout with a 128 MUX factor for the QUBIC experiment	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Bolometric Interferometry; CMB instrumentation; Cosmic Microwave Background; SiGe Application Specific Integrated Circuit; Superconducting QUantum Interference Device; the QUBIC experiment; Time Domain Multiplexing; Transition-Edge Sensor	ARRAY	QUBIC (the Q&U Bolometric Interferometer for Cosmology) is a ground-based experiment which seeks to improve the current constraints on the amplitude of primordial gravitational waves. It exploits the unique technique, among Cosmic Microwave Background experiments, of bolometric interferometry, combining together the sensitivity of bolometric detectors with the control of systematic effects typical of interferometers. QUBIC will perform sky observations in polarization, in two frequency bands centered at 150 and 220 GHz, with two kilo pixel focal plane arrays of NbSi Transition-Edge Sensors (TES) cooled down to 350 mK. A subset of the QUBIC instrument, the so called QUBIC Technological Demonstrator (TD), with a reduced number of detectors with respect to the full instrument, will be deployed and commissioned before the end of 2018. The voltage-biased TES are read out with Time Domain Multiplexing and an unprecedented multiplexing (MUX) factor equal to 128. This MUX factor is reached with two-stage multiplexing: a traditional one exploiting Superconducting QUantum Interference Devices (SQUIDs) at 1 K and a novel SiGe Application-Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) at 60K. The former provides a MUX factor of 32, while the latter provides a further 4. Each TES array is composed of 256 detectors and read out with four modules of 32 SQUIDs and two ASICs. A custom software synchronizes and manages the readout and detector operation, while the TES are sampled at 780 Hz (100kHz/128 MUX rate). In this work we present the experimental characterization of the QUBIC TES arrays and their multiplexing readout chain, including time constant, critical temperature, and noise properties.	[Salatino, M.; Chapron, C.; Hoang, D. T.; Piat, M.; Prele, D.; Stankowiak, G.; Thermeau, J. P.; Torchinsky, S. A.; Voisin, F.; Bigot-Sazy, M. -A.; Bleurvacq, N.; Bordier, G.; Breelle, E.; Chanial, P.; Charlassier, R.; Giraud-Heraud, Y.; Grandsire, L.; Hamilton, J. -Ch.; Kaplan, J.; Loucatos, S.; Perbost, C.; Stolpovskiy, M.; Tartari, A.] CNRS, IN2P3, Lab Astroparticule & Cosmol APC, Paris, France; [Belier, B.] Ctr Nanosci & Nanotechnol, Orsay, France; [Maestre, S.; Marty, W.; Montier, L.; Rambaud, D.; Henrot-Versille, S.; Auguste, D.; Bernard, J. -Ph.; Giard, M.; Pajot, F.] CNRS, INSU, Inst Rech Astrophys & Planetol, Toulouse, France; [Marnieros, S.; Berge, L.; Dumoulin, L.; Olivieri, E.] CNRS, IN2P3, Ctr Sci Nucl & Sci Matiere, Orsay, France; [Bonis, J.; Couchot, F.; Garrido, X.; Gaspard, M.; Guerrard, E.; Jules, E.; Louis, T.; Perdereau, O.; Tristram, M.; Truongcanh, V.; Vanneste, S.; Wicek, F.] CNRS, IN2P3, Lab Accelerateur Lineaire, Orsay, France; [Ade, P.; Pisano, G.; Tucker, C.] Cardiff Univ, Cardiff, S Glam, Wales; [Amico, G.; Battistelli, E.; Buzi, D.; Columbro, F.; Coppolecchia, A.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Lamagna, L.; Masi, S.; Mele, L.; Paiella, A.; Piacentini, F.; Polenta, G.; Puddu, R.; Schillaci, A.] Univ Roma La Sapienza, Rome, Italy; [Amico, G.; Battistelli, E.; Buzi, D.; Columbro, F.; Coppolecchia, A.; D'Alessandro, G.; de Bernardis, P.; De Leo, M.; De Petris, M.; Lamagna, L.; Masi, S.; Mattei, A.; Mele, L.; Paiella, A.; Pelosi, A.; Piacentini, F.; Polenta, G.; Puddu, R.; Zullo, A.] INFN, Sez Roma 1, Rome, Italy; [Aumont, J.; Maffei, B.] CNRS, INSU, Inst Astrophys Spatiale, Orsay, France; [Banfi, S.; Bau, A.; Gervasi, M.; Passerini, A.; Spinelli, S.; Zannoni, M.] Univ Milano Bicocca, Milan, Italy; [Banfi, S.; Bau, A.; Gervasi, M.; Passerini, A.; Zannoni, M.] INFN Milano Bicocca, Milan, Italy; [Barbaran, G.; Luterstein, R.] Reg Noroeste CNEA, Salta, Argentina; [Battaglia, P.; Bersanelli, M.; Cavaliere, F.; Franceschet, C.; Incardona, F.; Mennella, A.; Pezzotta, F.; Vigano, D.] Univ Milan, Milan, Italy; [Bennett, D.; Burke, D.; Gayer, D.; Gradziel, M.; Murphy, J. A.; Murphy, J. D.; O'Sullivan, C.] Natl Univ Ireland, Maynooth, Kildare, Ireland; [Bonaparte, J.; Di Donato, A.; Fasciszewski, A.] CNEA, Ctr Atom Constituyentes, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Bunn, E.] Univ Richmond, Richmond, VA 23173 USA; [Buzzelli, A.; D'Agostino, R.; De Gasperis, G.; Lukovic, V.; Vittorio, N.] Univ Roma Tor Vergata, Rome, Italy; [Buzzelli, A.; De Gasperis, G.; Vittorio, N.] INFN, Sez Roma 2, Rome, Italy; [Coppi, G.; Haynes, V.; May, A. J.; McCulloch, M. A.; Melhuish, S.; Piccirillo, L.; Watson, B.] Univ Manchester, Jodrell Bank, Ctr Astrophys, Manchester, Lancs, England; [Etchegoyen, A.; Garcia, B.; Suarez, F.] UNSAM, CONICET, CNEA, Inst Tecnol Detecc & Astroparticulas, Godoy Cruz, Argentina; [Gamboa Lerena, M. M.; Scoccola, C. G.] Univ Nacl La Plata, CONICET, Fac Cs Astron & Geofis, La Plata, Argentina; [Gault, A.; Lowitz, A.; Timbie, P.] Univ Wisconsin, Madison, WI USA; [Gomez Berisso, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Harari, D.; Pastoriza, H.] CNEA, Ctr Atom Bariloche, San Carlos De Bariloche, Rio Negro, Argentina; [Gomez Berisso, M.; Gonzalez, M.; Harari, D.; Pastoriza, H.] CNEA, Inst Balseiro, San Carlos De Bariloche, Rio Negro, Argentina; [Korotkov, A.; Tucker, G.] Brown Univ, Providence, RI 02912 USA; [Kristukat, C.] UNSAM, Escuela Ciencia & Tecnol, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Medina, M. C.; Romero, G. E.] Consejo Nacl Invest Cient & Tecn, CIC, Inst Argentino Radioastron, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Mundo, L. M.; Ringegni, P.] Univ Nacl La Plata, GEMA, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Schillaci, A.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Scully, S.] Inst Technol Carlow, Carlow, Ireland; [Hoang, D. T.] USTH, VAST, Hanoi, Vietnam	Salatino, M (corresponding author), CNRS, IN2P3, Lab Astroparticule & Cosmol APC, Paris, France.	maria.jokeating@gmail.com	Gervasi, Massimo/AAG-7022-2020; Tartari, Andrea/AAE-7150-2019; Tartari, Andrea/F-2600-2014; Piacentini, Francesco/E-7234-2010; Hamilton, Jean-Christophe/AAW-8855-2020; PRELE, Damien/AAI-3497-2020; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/C-8534-2012; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/Q-6532-2019; Zannoni, Mario/H-6391-2017; Gomez Berisso, Mariano/I-2931-2017	Tartari, Andrea/0000-0003-3082-138X; Tartari, Andrea/0000-0003-3082-138X; Piacentini, Francesco/0000-0002-5444-9327; PRELE, Damien/0000-0002-6680-1930; de Gasperis, Giancarlo/0000-0003-2899-2171; De Petris, Marco/0000-0001-7859-2139; Coppi, Gabriele/0000-0002-6362-6524; MENNELLA, ANIELLO/0000-0002-5343-6655; Paiella, Alessandro/0000-0002-8388-3480; Incardona, Federico/0000-0002-2568-0917; Murphy, James/0000-0001-6296-0283; Columbro, Fabio/0000-0002-2404-1056; Zannoni, Mario/0000-0002-4495-571X; Gomez Berisso, Mariano/0000-0001-5530-0180; Garcia, Beatriz/0000-0003-0919-2734; Franceschet, Cristian/0000-0002-3528-5240; Tucker, Carole/0000-0002-1851-3918; Romero, Gustavo E./0000-0002-5260-1807; Aumont, Jonathan/0000-0001-6279-0691	UnivEarthS Labex program at Sorbonne Paris Cite [ANR-10-LABX-0023, ANR-11-IDEX-0005-02]	The APC team acknowledges the financial support of the UnivEarthS Labex program at Sorbonne Paris Cite (ANR-10-LABX-0023 and ANR-11-IDEX-0005-02).		27	3	3	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								1070845	10.1117/12.2312080			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300082		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Soliman, A; Ade, PAR; Ahmed, Z; Aikin, RW; Alexander, KD; Barkats, D; Benton, SJ; Bischoff, CA; Bock, JJ; Bowens-Rubin, R; Brevik, JA; Buder, I; Bullock, E; Buza, V; Connors, J; Cornelison, J; Crill, BP; Crumrine, M; Dierickx, M; Duband, L; Dvorkin, C; Filippini, JP; Fliescher, S; Grayson, J; Hall, G; Halpern, M; Harrison, S; Hildebrandt, SR; Hilton, GC; Hui, H; Irwin, KD; Kang, JH; Karkare, KS; Karpel, E; Kaufman, JP; Keating, BG; Kefeli, S; Kernasovskiy, SA; Kovac, JM; Kuo, CL; Lau, K; Larsen, NA; Leitch, EM; Lueker, M; Megerian, KG; Moncelsi, L; Namikawa, T; Netterfield, CB; Nguyen, HT; O'Brient, R; Ogburn, RW; Palladino, S; Pryke, C; Racine, B; Richter, S; Schwarz, R; Schillaci, A; Sheehy, CD; St Germaine, T; Staniszewski, ZK; Steinbach, B; Sudiwala, RV; Teply, GP; Thompson, KL; Tolan, JE; Tucker, C; Turner, AD; Umilta, C; Van Zyl, J; Vieregg, AG; Wandui, A; Weber, AC; Wiebe, DV; Willmert, J; Wong, CL; Wu, WLK; Yang, E; Yoon, KW; Zhang, C		Zmuidzinas, J; Gao, JR		Soliman, A.; Ade, P. A. R.; Ahmed, Z.; Aikin, R. W.; Alexander, K. D.; Barkats, D.; Benton, S. J.; Bischoff, C. A.; Bock, J. J.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Brevik, J. A.; Buder, I.; Bullock, E.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Crill, B. P.; Crumrine, M.; Dierickx, M.; Duband, L.; Dvorkin, C.; Filippini, J. P.; Fliescher, S.; Grayson, J.; Hall, G.; Halpern, M.; Harrison, S.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Hilton, G. C.; Hui, H.; Irwin, K. D.; Kang, J. H.; Karkare, K. S.; Karpel, E.; Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Kefeli, S.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kovac, J. M.; Kuo, C. L.; Lau, K.; Larsen, N. A.; Leitch, E. M.; Lueker, M.; Megerian, K. G.; Moncelsi, L.; Namikawa, T.; Netterfield, C. B.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Ogburn, R. W.; Palladino, S.; Pryke, C.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; Schwarz, R.; Schillaci, A.; Sheehy, C. D.; St Germaine, T.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Steinbach, B.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Teply, G. P.; Thompson, K. L.; Tolan, J. E.; Tucker, C.; Turner, A. D.; Umilta, C.; Van Zyl, J.; Vieregg, A. G.; Wandui, A.; Weber, A. C.; Wiebe, D. V.; Willmert, J.; Wong, C. L.; Wu, W. L. K.; Yang, E.; Yoon, K. W.; Zhang, C.			Design and performance of wide-band corrugated walls for the BICEP Array detector modules at 30/40 GHz	MILLIMETER, SUBMILLIMETER, AND FAR-INFRARED DETECTORS AND INSTRUMENTATION FOR ASTRONOMY IX	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Millimeter, Submillimeter, and Far-Infrared Detectors and Instrumentation for Astronomy IX	JUN 12-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipments Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		BICEP Array; Cosmic Microwave Background; Detector; Corrugations; Beam Systematic		BICEP Array is a degree-scale Cosmic Microwave Background (CMB) experiment that will search for primordial B-mode polarization while constraining Galactic foregrounds. BICEP Array will be comprised of four receivers to cover a broad frequency range with channels at 30/40, 95, 150 and 220/270 GHz. The first low-frequency receiver will map synchrotron emission at 30 and 40 GHz and will deploy to the South Pole at the end of 2019. In this paper, we give an overview of the BICEP Array science and instrument, with a focus on the detector module. We designed corrugations in the metal frame of the module to suppress unwanted interactions with the antenna-coupled detectors that would otherwise deform the beams of edge pixels. This design reduces the residual beam systematics and temperature-to-polarization leakage due to beam steering and shape mismatch between polarized beam pairs. We report on the simulated performance of single-and wide-band corrugations designed to minimize these effects. Our optimized design alleviates beam differential ellipticity caused by the metal frame to about 7% over 57% bandwidth (25 to 45 GHz), which is close to the level due the bare antenna itself without a metal frame. Initial laboratory measurements are also presented.	[Soliman, A.; Aikin, R. W.; Bock, J. J.; Brevik, J. A.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Hui, H.; Kefeli, S.; Lueker, M.; Moncelsi, L.; O'Brient, R.; Schillaci, A.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Steinbach, B.; Teply, G. P.; Van Zyl, J.; Wandui, A.; Zhang, C.] CALTECH, Dept Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Ade, P. A. R.; Sudiwala, R. V.; Tucker, C.; Wiebe, D. V.] Cardiff Univ, Sch Phys & Astron, Cardiff CF24 3AA, S Glam, Wales; [Ahmed, Z.; Irwin, K. D.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Yang, E.; Yoon, K. W.] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, 2575 Sand Hill Rd, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Alexander, K. D.; Barkats, D.; Bowens-Rubin, R.; Buder, I.; Buza, V.; Connors, J.; Cornelison, J.; Dierickx, M.; Harrison, S.; Karkare, K. S.; Kovac, J. M.; Racine, B.; Richter, S.; St Germaine, T.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St MS 42, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Benton, S. J.; Netterfield, C. B.] Univ Toronto, Dept Phys, Toronto, ON M5S 1A7, Canada; [Bischoff, C. A.; Palladino, S.; Umilta, C.] Univ Cincinnati, Dept Phys, Cincinnati, OH 45221 USA; [Bock, J. J.; Crill, B. P.; Hildebrandt, S. R.; Megerian, K. G.; Nguyen, H. T.; O'Brient, R.; Staniszewski, Z. K.; Turner, A. D.; Weber, A. C.] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Bullock, E.; Pryke, C.; Schwarz, R.; Willmert, J.] Univ Minnesota, Minnesota Inst Astrophys, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Buza, V.; Dvorkin, C.; Kovac, J. M.; Wong, C. L.] Harvard Univ, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Crumrine, M.; Fliescher, S.; Hall, G.; Lau, K.; Pryke, C.] Univ Minnesota, Sch Phys & Astron, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Grayson, J.; Irwin, K. D.; Kang, J. H.; Karpel, E.; Kernasovskiy, S. A.; Kuo, C. L.; Ogburn, R. W.; Thompson, K. L.; Tolan, J. E.; Yoon, K. W.] Stanford Univ, Dept Phys, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Phys, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Filippini, J. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Halpern, M.] Univ British Columbia, Dept Phys & Astron, Vancouver, BC V6T 1Z1, Canada; [Hilton, G. C.; Irwin, K. D.] NIST, Boulder, CO 80305 USA; [Kaufman, J. P.; Keating, B. G.; Teply, G. P.] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Karkare, K. S.; Larsen, N. A.; Leitch, E. M.; Vieregg, A. G.; Wu, W. L. K.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Namikawa, T.] Natl Taiwan Univ, Leung Ctr Cosmol & Particle Astrophys, Taipei 10617, Taiwan; [Netterfield, C. B.] Canadian Inst Adv Res, Toronto, ON M5G 1Z8, Canada; [Sheehy, C. D.] Brookhaven Natl Lab, Dept Phys, Upton, NY 11973 USA; [Vieregg, A. G.] Univ Chicago, Enrico Fermi Inst, Dept Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Duband, L.] Commissari Energie Atom, Serv Basses Temp, F-38054 Grenoble, France	Soliman, A (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Moncelsi, Lorenzo/AAU-1009-2020; Keating, Brian G/J-6063-2017	Moncelsi, Lorenzo/0000-0002-4242-3015; Keating, Brian G/0000-0003-3118-5514; Wu, Kimmy/0000-0001-5411-6920; Karkare, Kirit/0000-0002-5215-6993; Barkats, Denis/0000-0002-8971-1954; Tucker, Carole/0000-0002-1851-3918	National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [0742818, 0742592, 1044978, 1110087, 1145172, 1145143, 1145248, 1639040, 1638957, 1638978, 1638970, 1726917]; Keck FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation; JPL Research and Technology Development Fund; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [06-ARPA206-0040, 10-SAT10-0017, 12-SAT12-0031, 14-SAT14-0009, 16-SAT16-0002]; Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation at CaltechGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Canada Foundation for Innovation grantCanada Foundation for Innovation; U.S. DoE Office of ScienceUnited States Department of Energy (DOE)	The Bicep/Keck Array project have been made possible through a series of grants from the National Science Foundation including 0742818, 0742592, 1044978, 1110087, 1145172, 1145143, 1145248, 1639040, 1638957, 1638978, 1638970, & 1726917 and by the Keck Foundation. The development of antenna-coupled detector technology was supported by the JPL Research and Technology Development Fund and NASA Grants 06-ARPA206-0040, 10-SAT10-0017, 12-SAT12-0031, 14-SAT14-0009 & 16-SAT16-0002. The development and testing of focal planes were supported by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation at Caltech. Readout electronics were supported by a Canada Foundation for Innovation grant to UBC. The computations in this paper were run on the Odyssey cluster supported by the FAS Science Division Research Computing Group at Harvard University. The analysis effort at Stanford and SLAC is partially supported by the U.S. DoE Office of Science. We thank the staff of the U.S. Antarctic Program and in particular the South Pole Station without whose help this research would not have been possible. Tireless administrative support was provided by Kathy Deniston, Sheri Stoll, Irene Coyle, Donna Hernandez, and Dana Volponi. We are grateful our BICEP/Keck Array collaboration colleagues for useful discussions and technical feedback.		10	4	4	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1970-8	PROC SPIE			2018	10708								107082G	10.1117/12.2312942			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL5IZ	WOS:000451719300042		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Messa, M; Adamo, A; Ostlin, G; Calzetti, D; Grasha, K; Grebel, EK; Shabani, F; Chandar, R; Dale, DA; Dobbs, CL; Elmegreen, BG; Fumagalli, M; Gouliermis, DA; Kim, H; Smith, LJ; Thilker, DA; Tosi, M; Ubeda, L; Walterbos, R; Whitmore, BC; Fedorenko, K; Mahadevan, S; Andrews, JE; Bright, SN; Cook, DO; Kahre, L; Nair, P; Pellerin, A; Ryon, JE; Ahmad, SD; Beale, LP; Brown, K; Clarkson, DA; Guidarelli, GC; Parziale, R; Turner, J; Weber, M				Messa, M.; Adamo, A.; Ostlin, G.; Calzetti, D.; Grasha, K.; Grebel, E. K.; Shabani, F.; Chandar, R.; Dale, D. A.; Dobbs, C. L.; Elmegreen, B. G.; Fumagalli, M.; Gouliermis, D. A.; Kim, H.; Smith, L. J.; Thilker, D. A.; Tosi, M.; Ubeda, L.; Walterbos, R.; Whitmore, B. C.; Fedorenko, K.; Mahadevan, S.; Andrews, J. E.; Bright, S. N.; Cook, D. O.; Kahre, L.; Nair, P.; Pellerin, A.; Ryon, J. E.; Ahmad, S. D.; Beale, L. P.; Brown, K.; Clarkson, D. A.; Guidarelli, G. C.; Parziale, R.; Turner, J.; Weber, M.			The young star cluster population of M51 with LEGUS - I. A comprehensive study of cluster formation and evolution	MONTHLY NOTICES OF THE ROYAL ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY			English	Article						galaxies: individual: M51, NGC 5194; galaxies: star clusters: general; galaxies: star formation	INITIAL MASS FUNCTION; GALACTIC OPEN CLUSTERS; LARGE-MAGELLANIC-CLOUD; GALAXIES NGC 4038/4039; LUMINOSITY FUNCTION; ANTENNAE GALAXIES; STELLAR CLUSTERS; AGE DISTRIBUTIONS; FORMATION HISTORY; SPIRAL GALAXIES	Recently acquired WFC3 UV (F275W and F336W) imaging mosaics under the Legacy Extragalactic UV Survey (LEGUS), combined with archival ACS data of M51, are used to study the young star cluster (YSC) population of this interacting system. Our newly extracted source catalogue contains 2834 cluster candidates, morphologically classified to be compact and uniform in colour, for which ages, masses and extinction are derived. In this first work we study the main properties of the YSC population of the whole galaxy, considering a mass-limited sample. Both luminosity and mass functions follow a power-law shape with slope -2, but at high luminosities and masses a dearth of sources is observed. The analysis of the mass function suggests that it is best fitted by a Schechter function with slope -2 and a truncation mass at 1.00 +/- 0.12 x 10(5) M-circle dot . Through Monte Carlo simulations, we confirm this result and link the shape of the luminosity function to the presence of a truncation in the mass function. A mass limited age function analysis, between 10 and 200 Myr, suggests that the cluster population is undergoing only moderate disruption. We observe little variation in the shape of the mass function at masses above 1 x 10(4) M-circle dot over this age range. The fraction of star formation happening in the form of bound clusters in M51 is similar to 20 per cent in the age range 10-100 Myr and little variation is observed over the whole range from 1 to 200 Myr.	[Messa, M.; Adamo, A.; Ostlin, G.] Stockholm Univ, Oskar Klein Ctr, Dept Astron, Stockholm, Sweden; [Calzetti, D.; Grasha, K.; Andrews, J. E.] Univ Massachusetts, Dept Astron, Amherst, MA 01003 USA; [Grebel, E. K.; Shabani, F.] Heidelberg Univ, Zentrum Astron, Astron Rechen Inst, Monchhofstr 12-14, D-69120 Heidelberg, Germany; [Chandar, R.] Univ Toledo, Dept Phys & Astron, Toledo, OH 43606 USA; [Dale, D. A.; Parziale, R.; Turner, J.] Univ Wyoming, Dept Phys & Astron, Laramie, WY 82071 USA; [Dobbs, C. L.] Univ Exeter, Sch Phys & Astron, Exeter, Devon, England; [Elmegreen, B. G.] IBM Res Div, TJ Watson Res Ctr, Yorktown Hts, NY 10598 USA; [Fumagalli, M.] Univ Durham, Inst Computat Cosmol, Durham, England; [Fumagalli, M.] Univ Durham, Ctr Extragalact Astron, Durham, England; [Gouliermis, D. A.] Heidelberg Univ, Zentrum Astron, Inst Theoret Astrophys, Albert Ueberle Str 2, D-69120 Heidelberg, Germany; [Gouliermis, D. A.] Max Planck Inst Astron, Konigstuhl 17, D-69117 Heidelberg, Germany; [Kim, H.] Gemini Observ, Casilla 603, La Serena, Chile; [Smith, L. J.] European Space Agcy, Space Telescope Sci Inst, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Thilker, D. A.] Johns Hopkins Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Tosi, M.] INAF, Osservatorio Astron Bologna, Bologna, Italy; [Ubeda, L.; Whitmore, B. C.; Bright, S. N.] Space Telescope Sci Inst, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Walterbos, R.; Kahre, L.] New Mexico State Univ, Dept Astron, Las Cruces, NM 88003 USA; [Fedorenko, K.; Mahadevan, S.] Univ Massachusetts, Coll Informat & Comp Sci, Amherst, MA 01002 USA; [Andrews, J. E.] Univ Arizona, Dept Astron, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Cook, D. O.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Nair, P.] Univ Alabama, Dept Phys & Astron, Tuscaloosa, AL 35401 USA; [Pellerin, A.; Ahmad, S. D.; Beale, L. P.; Brown, K.; Clarkson, D. A.; Guidarelli, G. C.; Weber, M.] SUNY Coll Geneseo, Dept Phys & Astron, Geneseo, NY 14454 USA; [Ryon, J. E.] Univ Wisconsin, Dept Astron, Madison, WI 53706 USA	Messa, M (corresponding author), Stockholm Univ, Oskar Klein Ctr, Dept Astron, Stockholm, Sweden.	matteo.messa@astro.su.se	Grebel, Eva K./H-5140-2012; Calzetti, Daniela/K-5245-2019; Fumagalli, Michele/K-9510-2015; Tosi, Monica/O-9377-2015; Gouliermis, Dimitrios/A-1827-2008	Grebel, Eva K./0000-0002-1891-3794; Fumagalli, Michele/0000-0001-6676-3842; Tosi, Monica/0000-0002-0986-4759; Turner, Jordan/0000-0003-2261-5746; Gouliermis, Dimitrios/0000-0002-2763-0075; Messa, Matteo/0000-0003-1427-2456; Kim, Hwihyun/0000-0003-4770-688X; Grasha, Kathryn/0000-0002-3247-5321; Cook, David/0000-0002-6877-7655; Andrews, Jennifer/0000-0003-0123-0062; Dale, Daniel A/0000-0002-5782-9093	NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NAS 5-26555]; NASA through Space Telescope Science InstituteSpace Telescope Science Institute [13364]; European Research CouncilEuropean Research Council (ERC); German Research Foundation (DFG)German Research Foundation (DFG) [GO 1659/3-2]; Science and Technology Facilities CouncilScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC) [ST/P000541/1]	Based on observations made with the NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope, obtained at the Space Telescope Science Institute, which is operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc., under NASA contract NAS 5-26555. These observations are associated with program # 13364. Support for program # 13364 was provided by NASA through a grant from the Space Telescope Science Institute. We acknowledge the help and suggestions provided by M. Gieles and N. Bastian. CLD acknowledges funding from the European Research Council for the FP7 ERC starting grant project LOCALSTAR. DAG kindly acknowledges financial support by the German Research Foundation (DFG) through program GO 1659/3-2. MF acknowledges support by the Science and Technology Facilities Council (grant number ST/P000541/1).		107	21	21	0	2	OXFORD UNIV PRESS	OXFORD	GREAT CLARENDON ST, OXFORD OX2 6DP, ENGLAND	0035-8711	1365-2966		MON NOT R ASTRON SOC	Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc.	JAN	2018	473	1					996	1018		10.1093/mnras/stx2403			23	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FN0FL	WOS:000415653600079		Green Accepted, Green Published			2020-09-09	
J	Prat, J; Sanchez, C; Miquel, R; Kwan, J; Blazek, J; Bonnett, C; Amara, A; Bridle, SL; Clampitt, J; Crocce, M; Fosalba, P; Gaztanaga, E; Giannantonio, T; Hartley, WG; Jarvis, M; MacCrann, N; Percival, WJ; Ross, AJ; Sheldon, E; Zuntz, J; Abbott, TMC; Abdalla, FB; Annis, J; Benoit-Levy, A; Bertin, E; Brooks, D; Burke, DL; Rosell, AC; Kind, MC; Carretero, J; Castander, FJ; da Costa, LN; DePoy, DL; Desai, S; Diehl, HT; Doel, P; Eifler, TF; Evrard, AE; Neto, AF; Flaugher, B; Frieman, J; Gerdes, DW; Goldstein, DA; Gruen, D; Gruendl, RA; Gutierrez, G; Honscheid, K; James, DJ; Kuehn, K; Kuropatkin, N; Lahav, O; Lima, M; Marshall, JL; Melchior, P; Menanteau, F; Nord, B; Plazas, AA; Reil, K; Romer, AK; Roodman, A; Sanchez, E; Scarpine, V; Schubnell, M; Sevilla-Noarbe, I; Smith, RC; Soares-Santos, M; Sobreira, F; Suchyta, E; Swanson, MEC; Tarle, G; Thomas, D; Walker, AR				Prat, J.; Sanchez, C.; Miquel, R.; Kwan, J.; Blazek, J.; Bonnett, C.; Amara, A.; Bridle, S. L.; Clampitt, J.; Crocce, M.; Fosalba, P.; Gaztanaga, E.; Giannantonio, T.; Hartley, W. G.; Jarvis, M.; MacCrann, N.; Percival, W. J.; Ross, A. J.; Sheldon, E.; Zuntz, J.; Abbott, T. M. C.; Abdalla, F. B.; Annis, J.; Benoit-Levy, A.; Bertin, E.; Brooks, D.; Burke, D. L.; Rosell, A. Carnero; Kind, M. Carrasco; Carretero, J.; Castander, F. J.; da Costa, L. N.; DePoy, D. L.; Desai, S.; Diehl, H. T.; Doel, P.; Eifler, T. F.; Evrard, A. E.; Neto, A. Fausti; Flaugher, B.; Frieman, J.; Gerdes, D. W.; Goldstein, D. A.; Gruen, D.; Gruendl, R. A.; Gutierrez, G.; Honscheid, K.; James, D. J.; Kuehn, K.; Kuropatkin, N.; Lahav, O.; Lima, M.; Marshall, J. L.; Melchior, P.; Menanteau, F.; Nord, B.; Plazas, A. A.; Reil, K.; Romer, A. K.; Roodman, A.; Sanchez, E.; Scarpine, V.; Schubnell, M.; Sevilla-Noarbe, I.; Smith, R. C.; Soares-Santos, M.; Sobreira, F.; Suchyta, E.; Swanson, M. E. C.; Tarle, G.; Thomas, D.; Walker, A. R.			Galaxy bias from galaxy-galaxy lensing in the DES science verification data	MONTHLY NOTICES OF THE ROYAL ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY			English	Article						gravitational lensing: weak; large-scale structure of Universe; cosmology: observations	COSMOLOGICAL PARAMETER CONSTRAINTS; CHALLENGE LIGHTCONE SIMULATION; PHOTOMETRIC REDSHIFTS; INTRINSIC ALIGNMENTS; DEEP SURVEY; NOISE BIAS; SHEAR; STATISTICS; CFHTLENS; SYSTEMATICS	We present a measurement of galaxy-galaxy lensing around a magnitude-limited (i(AB) < 22.5) sample of galaxies from the dark energy survey science verification (DES-SV) data. We split these lenses into three photometric-redshift bins from 0.2 to 0.8, and determine the product of the galaxy bias b and cross-correlation coefficient between the galaxy and dark matter overdensity fields r in each bin, using scales above 4 h(-1) Mpc comoving, where we find the linear bias model to be valid given our current uncertainties. We compare our galaxy bias results from galaxy-galaxy lensing with those obtained from galaxy clustering and CMB lensing for the same sample of galaxies, and find our measurements to be in good agreement with those in Crocce et al., while, in the lowest redshift bin (z similar to 0.3), they show some tension with the findings in Giannantonio et al. We measure b.r to be 0.87 +/- 0.11, 1.12 +/- 0.16 and 1.24 +/- 0.23, respectively, for the three redshift bins of width Delta z = 0.2 in the range 0.2 < z < 0.8, defined with the photometric-redshift algorithm BPZ. Using a different code to split the lens sample, TPZ, leads to changes in the measured biases at the 10-20 per cent level, but it does not alter the main conclusion of this work: when comparing with Crocce et al. we do not find strong evidence for a cross-correlation parameter significantly below one in this galaxy sample, except possibly at the lowest redshift bin (z similar to 0.3), where we find r = 0.71 +/- 0.11 when using TPZ, and 0.83 +/- 0.12 with BPZ.	[Prat, J.; Sanchez, C.; Miquel, R.; Bonnett, C.; Castander, F. J.] Barcelona Inst Sci & Technol, IFAE, Campus UAB, E-08193 Bellaterra, Barcelona, Spain; [Miquel, R.] Inst Catalana Recerca & Estudis Avancats, E-08010 Barcelona, Spain; [Kwan, J.; Clampitt, J.; Jarvis, M.] Univ Penn, Dept Phys & Astron, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Blazek, J.; Ross, A. J.; Honscheid, K.] Ohio State Univ, CtrCos, Ctr Cosmol & Astroparticle Phys, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Amara, A.; Hartley, W. G.] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Dept Phys, Wolfgang Pauli Str 16, CH-8093 Zurich, Switzerland; [Bridle, S. L.; MacCrann, N.; Zuntz, J.] Univ Manchester, Jodrell Bank, Ctr Astrophys, Sch Phys & Astron, Oxford Rd, Manchester M13 9PL, Lancs, England; [Crocce, M.; Fosalba, P.; Gaztanaga, E.; Castander, F. J.] CSIC, IEEC, Inst Ciencies Espai, Campus UAB,Can Magrans S-N, E-08193 Barcelona, Spain; [Giannantonio, T.] Univ Cambridge, Inst Astron, Madingley Rd, Cambridge CB3 0HA, England; [Giannantonio, T.] Univ Cambridge, Kavli Inst Cosmol, Madingley Rd, Cambridge CB3 0HA, England; [Hartley, W. G.; Abdalla, F. B.; Benoit-Levy, A.; Brooks, D.; Doel, P.; Lahav, O.] UCL, Dept Phys & Astron, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, England; [Percival, W. J.; Thomas, D.] Univ Portsmouth, Inst Cosmol & Gravitat, Portsmouth PO1 3FX, Hants, England; [Sheldon, E.] Brookhaven Natl Lab, Bldg 510, Upton, NY 11973 USA; [Abbott, T. M. C.; James, D. J.; Smith, R. C.; Walker, A. R.] Natl Opt Astron Observ, Cerro Tololo Interamer Observ, Casilla 603, La Serena, Chile; [Abdalla, F. B.] Rhodes Univ, Dept Phys & Elect, POB 94, ZA-6140 Grahamstown, South Africa; [Annis, J.; Diehl, H. T.; Flaugher, B.; Frieman, J.; Gutierrez, G.; Kuropatkin, N.; Nord, B.; Scarpine, V.; Soares-Santos, M.] Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, POB 500, Batavia, IL 60510 USA; [Benoit-Levy, A.; Bertin, E.] CNRS, UMR 7095, Inst Astrophys Paris, F-75014 Paris, France; [Benoit-Levy, A.; Bertin, E.] UPMC Univ Paris 06, Sorbonne Univ, Inst Astrophys Paris, UMR 7095, F-75014 Paris, France; [Burke, D. L.; Gruen, D.; Roodman, A.] Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, POB 2450, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Burke, D. L.; Gruen, D.; Reil, K.; Roodman, A.] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Rosell, A. Carnero; da Costa, L. N.; Neto, A. Fausti; Lima, M.; Sobreira, F.] Lab Interinst & Astron LIneA, Rua Gal Jose Cristino 77, BR-20921400 Rio De Janeiro, RJ, Brazil; [Rosell, A. Carnero; da Costa, L. N.] Observat Nacl, Rua Gal Jose Cristino 77, BR-20921400 Rio De Janeiro, RJ, Brazil; [Carretero, J.; Gruendl, R. A.; Menanteau, F.] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, 1002 W Green St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Carretero, J.; Gruendl, R. A.; Menanteau, F.; Swanson, M. E. C.] Natl Ctr Supercomp Applicat, 1205 West Clark St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Kind, M. Carrasco; DePoy, D. L.; Marshall, J. L.] Texas A&M Univ, George P & Cynthia Woods Mitchell Inst Fundamen, College Stn, TX 77843 USA; [Kind, M. Carrasco; DePoy, D. L.; Marshall, J. L.] Texas A&M Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, College Stn, TX 77843 USA; [Desai, S.] IIT Hyderabad, Dept Phys, Kandi 502285, Telangana, India; [Eifler, T. F.; Plazas, A. A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Evrard, A. E.] Univ Michigan, Dept Astron, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Evrard, A. E.; Gerdes, D. W.; Schubnell, M.; Tarle, G.] Univ Michigan, Dept Phys, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Frieman, J.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Goldstein, D. A.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, 501 Campbell Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Goldstein, D. A.] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, 1 Cyclotron Rd, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Honscheid, K.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Phys, 174 W 18th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [James, D. J.] Univ Washington, Dept Astron, Box 351580, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [Kuehn, K.] Australian Astron Observ, N Ryde, NSW 2113, Australia; [Lima, M.] Univ Sao Paulo, Inst Fis, Dept Fis Matemat, CP 66318, BR-05314970 Sao Paulo, SP, Brazil; [Melchior, P.] Princeton Univ, Dept Astrophys Sci, Peyton Hall, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Romer, A. K.] Univ Sussex, Dept Phys & Astron, Pevensey Bldg, Brighton BN1 9QH, E Sussex, England; [Sanchez, E.; Sevilla-Noarbe, I.] CIEMAT, Madrid, Spain; [Sobreira, F.] Univ Fed ABC, Ctr Ciencias Nat & Humanas, Av Estados 5001, BR-09210580 Santo Andre, SP, Brazil; [Suchyta, E.] Oak Ridge Natl Lab, Comp Sci & Math Div, Oak Ridge, TN 37831 USA	Prat, J (corresponding author), Barcelona Inst Sci & Technol, IFAE, Campus UAB, E-08193 Bellaterra, Barcelona, Spain.	jprat@ifae.es	Carnero, Aurelio/AAH-3411-2019; Sanchez, Eusebio/H-5228-2015; Desai, Shantanu/AAM-8055-2020; Sevilla, Ignacio/AAB-8148-2019; Gaztanaga, Enrique/L-4894-2014; Castander, Francisco Javier/AAG-4571-2020; Lima, Marcos/E-8378-2010; Palacios, Jorge Carretero/L-8237-2014; Castander, Francisco Javier/E-8021-2017; Sobreira, Flavia/F-4168-2015	Carnero, Aurelio/0000-0003-3044-5150; Sanchez, Eusebio/0000-0002-9646-8198; Sevilla, Ignacio/0000-0002-1831-1953; Gaztanaga, Enrique/0000-0001-9632-0815; Castander, Francisco Javier/0000-0001-7316-4573; Lima, Marcos/0000-0002-4719-3781; Palacios, Jorge Carretero/0000-0002-3130-0204; Castander, Francisco Javier/0000-0001-7316-4573; Gerdes, David/0000-0001-6942-2736; Suchyta, Eric/0000-0002-7047-9358; Bertin, Emmanuel/0000-0002-3602-3664; Evrard, August/0000-0002-4876-956X; Blazek, Jonathan/0000-0002-4687-4657; Sanchez, Carles/0000-0002-2744-4934; Melchior, Peter/0000-0002-8873-5065; Thomas, Daniel/0000-0002-6325-5671; Sobreira, Flavia/0000-0002-7822-0658; Menanteau, Felipe/0000-0002-1372-2534; Amara, Adam/0000-0003-3481-3491; Carrasco Kind, Matias/0000-0002-4802-3194; Prat, Judit/0000-0002-5933-5150; Ross, Ashley/0000-0002-7522-9083	U.S. Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE); U.S. National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); Ministry of Science and Education of SpainSpanish Government; Science and Technology Facilities Council of the United KingdomScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC); Higher Education Funding Council for EnglandHigher Education Funding Council for England; National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign; Kavli Institute of Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago; Center for Cosmology and Astro-Particle Physics at the Ohio State UniversityOhio State University; Mitchell Institute for Fundamental Physics and Astronomy at Texas AM University; Financiadora de Estudos e ProjetosCiencia Tecnologia e Inovacao (FINEP); Fundacao Carlos Chagas Filho de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado do Rio de Janeiro; Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Cientifico e TecnologicoNational Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq); Ministerio da Ciencia, Tecnologia e Inovacao; Deutsche ForschungsgemeinschaftGerman Research Foundation (DFG); Collaborating Institutions in the Dark Energy Survey; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1138766]; MINECO [AYA2012-39559, ESP2013-48274, FPA2013-47986]; Centro de Excelencia Severo Ochoa [SEV-2012-0234]; European Research Council under the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme (FP7); ERC grant [240672, 291329, 306478]; NASA through the Einstein Fellowship Program [PF5-160138]	Funding for the DES Projects has been provided by the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. National Science Foundation, the Ministry of Science and Education of Spain, the Science and Technology Facilities Council of the United Kingdom, the Higher Education Funding Council for England, the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, the Kavli Institute of Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago, the Center for Cosmology and Astro-Particle Physics at the Ohio State University, the Mitchell Institute for Fundamental Physics and Astronomy at Texas A&M University, Financiadora de Estudos e Projetos, Fundacao Carlos Chagas Filho de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Cientifico e Tecnologico and the Ministerio da Ciencia, Tecnologia e Inovacao, the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft and the Collaborating Institutions in the Dark Energy Survey.; The DES data management system is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant Number AST-1138766. The DES participants from Spanish institutions are partially supported by MINECO under grants AYA2012-39559, ESP2013-48274, FPA2013-47986, and Centro de Excelencia Severo OchoaSEV-2012-0234. Research leading to these results has received funding from the European Research Council under the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007-2013) including ERC grant agreements 240672, 291329 and 306478. Support for DG was provided by NASA through the Einstein Fellowship Program, grant PF5-160138.		89	9	9	0	9	OXFORD UNIV PRESS	OXFORD	GREAT CLARENDON ST, OXFORD OX2 6DP, ENGLAND	0035-8711	1365-2966		MON NOT R ASTRON SOC	Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc.	JAN	2018	473	2					1667	1684		10.1093/mnras/stx2430			18	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FU3DS	WOS:000423731200019		Green Accepted, Bronze			2020-09-09	
J	El-Badry, K; Quataert, E; Wetzel, A; Hopkins, PF; Weisz, DR; Chan, TK; Fitts, A; Boylan-Kolchin, M; Keres, D; Faucher-Giguere, CA; Garrison-Kimmel, S				El-Badry, Kareem; Quataert, Eliot; Wetzel, Andrew; Hopkins, Philip F.; Weisz, Daniel R.; Chan, T. K.; Fitts, Alex; Boylan-Kolchin, Michael; Keres, Dusan; Faucher-Giguere, Claude-Andre; Garrison-Kimmel, Shea			Gas kinematics, morphology and angular momentum in the FIRE simulations	MONTHLY NOTICES OF THE ROYAL ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY			English	Article						galaxies: dwarf; galaxies: irregular; galaxies: kinematics and dynamics	SMOOTHED PARTICLE HYDRODYNAMICS; GALAXY ROTATION CURVES; STAR-FORMATION RATES; DARK-MATTER HALOES; DWARF GALAXIES; DISK GALAXIES; SUPERNOVA FEEDBACK; NEUTRAL HYDROGEN; COSMOLOGICAL ORIGIN; TIDAL TORQUES	We study the z = 0 gas kinematics, morphology and angular momentum content of isolated galaxies in a suite of cosmological zoom-in simulations from the FIRE project spanning M-star = 10(6-11)M(circle dot). Gas becomes increasingly rotationally supported with increasing galaxy mass. In the lowest mass galaxies (M-star < 10(8)M(circle dot)), gas fails to form a morphological disc and is primarily dispersion and pressure supported. At intermediate masses (M-star = 10(8-10)M(circle dot)), galaxies display a wide range of gas kinematics and morphologies, from thin, rotating discs to irregular spheroids with negligible net rotation. All the high-mass (M-star = 10(10-11)M(circle dot)) galaxies form rotationally supported gas discs. Many of the haloes whose galaxies fail to form discs harbour high angular momentum gas in their circumgalactic medium. The ratio of the specific angular momentum of gas in the central galaxy to that of the dark matter halo increases significantly with galaxy mass, from < j(gas)> / < j(DM)> similar to 0.1 at M-star = 10(6-7)M(circle dot) to < j(gas)> / < j(DM)> similar to 2 at M-star = 10(10-11)M(circle dot). The reduced rotational support in the lowest mass galaxies owes to (a) stellar feedback and the UV background suppressing the accretion of high angular momentum gas at late times, and (b) stellar feedback driving large non-circular gas motions. We broadly reproduce the observed scaling relations between galaxy mass, gas rotation velocity, size and angular momentum, but may somewhat underpredict the incidence of disky, high angular momentum galaxies at the lowest observed masses (M-star = (10(6)-2 x x 10(7)) M-circle dot). Stars form preferentially from low angular momentum gas near the galactic centre and are less rotationally supported than gas. The common assumption that stars follow the same rotation curve as gas thus substantially overestimates the simulated galaxies' stellar angular momentum, particularly at low masses.	[El-Badry, Kareem; Quataert, Eliot; Weisz, Daniel R.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Theoret Astrophys Ctr, Dept Astron, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Wetzel, Andrew; Hopkins, Philip F.; Garrison-Kimmel, Shea] CALTECH, TAPIR, Mailcode 350-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wetzel, Andrew] Observ Carnegie Inst Sci, Pasadena, CA 91101 USA; [Wetzel, Andrew] Univ Calif Davis, Dept Phys, Davis, CA 95616 USA; [Chan, T. K.; Keres, Dusan] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Fitts, Alex; Boylan-Kolchin, Michael] Univ Texas Austin, Dept Astron, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Faucher-Giguere, Claude-Andre] Northwestern Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Evanston, IL 60208 USA; [Faucher-Giguere, Claude-Andre] Northwestern Univ, CIERA, Evanston, IL 60208 USA	El-Badry, K (corresponding author), Univ Calif Berkeley, Theoret Astrophys Ctr, Dept Astron, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA.	kelbadry@berkeley.edu	Boylan-Kolchin, Michael/A-7200-2011; Faucher-Giguere, Claude-Andre/AAC-5298-2019	Boylan-Kolchin, Michael/0000-0002-9604-343X; Fitts, Alex/0000-0002-8928-6011; Garrison-Kimmel, Shea/0000-0002-4655-8128; Wetzel, Andrew/0000-0003-0603-8942; El-Badry, Kareem/0000-0002-6871-1752; Chan, Tsang Keung/0000-0003-2544-054X; Weisz, Daniel/0000-0002-6442-6030	Berkeley graduate fellowship; Hellman award; NSF Graduate Research FellowshipNational Science Foundation (NSF); NASA ATP grant [12-ATP-120183]; Simons Investigator award from the Simons Foundation; David and Lucile Packard FoundationThe David & Lucile Packard Foundation; Caltech-Carnegie Fellowship, in part through the Moore Center for Theoretical Cosmology and Physics at Caltech; NASA through STScI [HST-GO-14734]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1412153, AST-1412836, AST-1517491]; Cottrell Scholar Award from the Research Corporation for Science Advancement; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX15AB22G]; NSF MRI awardNational Science Foundation (NSF)NSF - Office of the Director (OD) [PHY-0960291]; Office of Science of the U.S. Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-AC02-05CH11231]	We thank the anonymous referee for useful comments. We thank Alyson Brooks, Michael Fall, Marla Geha, Chris Hayward, Ryan Leaman, Anne Medling, Matt Orr, Jessica Werk and John Wise for helpful discussions, Alex Richings and Alex Gurvich for help in setting up initial conditions, Peter Nugent for assistance optimizing GIZMO on high-performance computing centres, Luca Cortese for sharing observational data, and Jing Wang for making her data publicly available. KE gratefully acknowledges support from a Berkeley graduate fellowship, a Hellman award for graduate study and an NSF Graduate Research Fellowship. EQ was supported by NASA ATP grant 12-ATP-120183, a Simons Investigator award from the Simons Foundation and the David and Lucile Packard Foundation. AW was supported by a Caltech-Carnegie Fellowship, in part through the Moore Center for Theoretical Cosmology and Physics at Caltech, and by NASA through grant HST-GO-14734 from STScI. DK was supported by NSF grant AST-1412153 and the Cottrell Scholar Award from the Research Corporation for Science Advancement. CAFG was supported by NSF through grants AST-1412836 and AST-1517491, and by NASA through grant NNX15AB22G. We ran numerical calculations on the Caltech compute cluster 'Zwicky' (NSF MRI award # PHY-0960291). This research used resources of the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center, a DOE Office of Science User Facility supported by the Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy under Contract No. DE-AC02-05CH11231. This research used ASTROPY, a community-developed core PYTHON package for Astronomy (Astropy Collaboration 2013) and the sauron colourmap developed by Michele Cappellari (Cappellari 2008).		188	55	55	0	2	OXFORD UNIV PRESS	OXFORD	GREAT CLARENDON ST, OXFORD OX2 6DP, ENGLAND	0035-8711	1365-2966		MON NOT R ASTRON SOC	Mon. Not. Roy. Astron. Soc.	JAN	2018	473	2					1930	1955		10.1093/mnras/stx2482			26	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FU3DS	WOS:000423731200039		Bronze, Green Accepted, Green Published	Y	N	2020-09-09	
J	Abdelsalam, SI; Bhatti, MM				Abdelsalam, Sara I.; Bhatti, Muhammad Mubashir			The impact of impinging TiO2 nanoparticles in Prandtl nanofluid along with endoscopic and variable magnetic field effects on peristaltic blood flow	MULTIDISCIPLINE MODELING IN MATERIALS AND STRUCTURES			English	Article						Peristalsis; Blood flow; Endoscope; Homotopy perturbation solution; Prandtl fluid; Variable magnetic field	DRIVEN HEAT-TRANSFER; BOUNDARY-LAYER-FLOW; STRETCHING SHEET; PERMEABLE WALLS; POROUS-MEDIUM; FLUID; TRANSPORT; MODEL; CHANNEL; CAVITY	Purpose The purpose of this paper is to study the variable magnetic field and endoscope effects on peristaltic blood flow of nanofluid containing TiO2 nanoparticles (NPs) through a porous annulus. The Prandtl fluid model is taken into account for the present flow. The mathematical modelling comprises the temperature, continuity, NP concentration, and equations of motion which are further simplified by taking a long peristaltic wave and creeping flow regime. Design/methodology/approach After using the long wavelength approximation, the obtained highly non-linear partial differential equations are solved using the homotopy perturbation scheme. The inclusion of the pertinent parameters is discussed mathematically and graphically for the pressure rise, friction forces, temperature profile, and concentration profile. The trapping phenomenon is also investigated with the help of contours. Findings Results show that the maximum velocity distribution exists near the centre of the annulus, whereas the average time flow boosts the velocity profile. It has also been shown that flow can pass readily without enormous pressure gradient imposed on the endoscope tube unlike the case of the slim section of the problem. Practical implications The nanofluids containing titanium NPs are increasingly utilised since such type of NPs is used by several manufacturers in sunscreen blockers and different types of endoscopy. In endoscopy, the variable magnetic field is used at the tip in order to detect or treat diseases. The NPs are used since they acquire specific thermal properties as compared with base fluids. The present study provides qualitative results showing the effect of inner tube of annulus on the fluid flow, the effect of variable magnetic field, and the change in the temperature profile on the flow field. Originality/value A new model is introduced that shows the utmost pressure that works against the positive peristaltic pump. It studies the blood flow that results in extremely non-linear partial differential equations that are solved by the homotopy perturbation method. The titanium NPs are being used in blocking the rays that penetrate the epidermis causing skin burns and short ultraviolet ageing rays that cause visible wrinkles, and thus are used in the manufacturing of sunscreens that are partially absorbed through the skin.	[Abdelsalam, Sara I.] British Univ Egypt, Basic Sci Grp, Fac Engn, Al Shorouk City, Egypt; [Abdelsalam, Sara I.] CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Bhatti, Muhammad Mubashir] Shanghai Univ, Shanghai Inst Appl Math & Mech, Shanghai, Peoples R China	Abdelsalam, SI (corresponding author), British Univ Egypt, Basic Sci Grp, Fac Engn, Al Shorouk City, Egypt.; Abdelsalam, SI (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	sara.abdelsalam@bue.edu.eg	Abdelsalam, Sara I./L-8130-2017; Bhatti, M. M./S-7274-2016; Bhatti, Muhammad Mubashir/S-7274-2016	Abdelsalam, Sara I./0000-0002-6434-8319; Bhatti, M. M./0000-0002-3219-7579; Bhatti, Muhammad Mubashir/0000-0002-3339-8524				42	33	33	0	1	EMERALD GROUP PUBLISHING LTD	BINGLEY	HOWARD HOUSE, WAGON LANE, BINGLEY BD16 1WA, W YORKSHIRE, ENGLAND	1573-6105	1573-6113		MULTIDISCIP MODEL MA	Multidiscip. Model. Mater. Struct.		2018	14	3					530	548		10.1108/MMMS-08-2017-0094			19	Engineering, Multidisciplinary	Engineering	GP5UK	WOS:000440939300007					2020-09-09	
J	Olman, CA; Bao, PL; Engel, SA; Grant, AN; Purington, C; Qiu, C; Schallmo, MP; Tjan, BS				Olman, Cheryl A.; Bao, Pinglei; Engel, Stephen A.; Grant, Andrea N.; Purington, Chris; Qiu, Cheng; Schallmo, Michael-Paul; Tjan, Bosco S.			Hemifield columns co-opt ocular dominance column structure in human achiasma	NEUROIMAGE			English	Article							VISUAL PATHWAYS; ORGANIZATION; CORTEX; BOLD; ACTIVATION; STABILITY; BRAIN	In the absence of an optic chiasm, visual input to the right eye is represented in primary visual cortex (V1) in the right hemisphere, while visual input to the left eye activates V1 in the left hemisphere. Retinotopic mapping In V1 reveals that in each hemisphere left and right visual hemifield representations are overlaid (Hoffmann et al., 2012). To explain how overlapping hemifield representations in V1 do not impair vision, we tested the hypothesis that visual projections from nasal and temporal retina create interdigitated left and right visual hemifield representations in V1, similar to the ocular dominance columns observed in neurotypical subjects (Victor et al., 2000). We used high-resolution fMRI at 7 T to measure the spatial distribution of responses to left-and right-hemifield stimulation in one achiasmic subject. T-2-weighted 2D Spin Echo images were acquired at 0.8 mm isotropic resolution. The left eye was occluded. To the right eye, a presentation of flickering checkerboards alternated between the left and right visual fields in a blocked stimulus design. The participant performed a demanding orientation-discrimination task at fixation. A general linear model was used to estimate the preference of voxels in V1 to left- and right-hemifield stimulation. The spatial distribution of voxels with significant preference for each hemifield showed interdigitated clusters which densely packed V1 in the right hemisphere. The spatial distribution of hemifield-preference voxels in the achiasmic subject was stable between two days of testing and comparable in scale to that of human ocular dominance columns. These results are the first in vivo evidence showing that visual hemifield representations interdigitate in achiasmic V1 following a similar developmental course to that of ocular dominance columns in V1 with intact optic chiasm.	[Olman, Cheryl A.; Engel, Stephen A.] Univ Minnesota, Dept Psychol, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA; [Bao, Pinglei] CALTECH, Dept Biol & Biol Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Grant, Andrea N.] Univ Minnesota, Dept Neurosci, Minneapolis, MN USA; [Purington, Chris] Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Qiu, Cheng] Harvard Med Sch, Schepens Eye Res Inst, Boston, MA USA; [Schallmo, Michael-Paul] Univ Washington, Dept Psychol, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [Tjan, Bosco S.] Univ Southern Calif, Dept Psychol, Los Angeles, CA 90089 USA	Olman, CA (corresponding author), Univ Minnesota, Dept Psychol, Minneapolis, MN 55455 USA.		Grant, Andrea N/A-1693-2008; Bao, Pinglei/AAO-9264-2020	Grant, Andrea N/0000-0002-1553-596X; Olman, Cheryl/0000-0002-7324-6461; Qiu, Cheng/0000-0002-3742-4259; Schallmo, Michael-Paul/0000-0001-8252-8607	NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [BCS-1255994]; NIHUnited States Department of Health & Human ServicesNational Institutes of Health (NIH) - USA [R01 EY017707, R21 EY025731, P41 EB015894, P30 N5076408, P30 EY011374, S10 RR026783]; WM KECK FoundationW.M. Keck Foundation	NSF BCS-1255994 and NIH R01 EY017707 to Tjan, NIH R21 EY025731 to Olman, P41 EB015894, P30 N5076408, P30 EY011374, S10 RR026783 and WM KECK Foundation.		24	5	5	0	6	ACADEMIC PRESS INC ELSEVIER SCIENCE	SAN DIEGO	525 B ST, STE 1900, SAN DIEGO, CA 92101-4495 USA	1053-8119	1095-9572		NEUROIMAGE	Neuroimage	JAN 1	2018	164				SI		59	66		10.1016/j.neuroimage.2016.12.063			8	Neurosciences; Neuroimaging; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	Neurosciences & Neurology; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	FP9MF	WOS:000417972000007	28017921	Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	van Eldijk, MB; van Hest, JCM		Lemke, EA		van Eldijk, Mark B.; van Hest, Jan C. M.			Residue-Specific Incorporation of Noncanonical Amino Acids for Protein Engineering	NONCANONICAL AMINO ACIDS: METHODS AND PROTOCOLS	Methods in Molecular Biology		English	Article; Book Chapter						Noncanonical amino acids; Residue-specific incorporation; Aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase; Azidonorleucine; Medium shift; Bioconjugation; Strain-promoted azide-alkyne cycloaddition; Unnatural amino acids	ESCHERICHIA-COLI; BIOSYNTHESIS	The incorporation of noncanonical amino acids has given protein chemists access to an expanded repertoire of amino acids. This methodology has significantly broadened the scope of protein engineering allowing introduction of amino acids with non-native functionalities, such as bioorthogonal reactive handles (azides and alkynes) and hydrophobic fluorinated side chains. Here, we describe the efficient residue-specific replacement of methionine by azidonorleucine in an engineered green fluorescent protein using a bacterial expression system to introduce a single reactive site for the strain-promoted azide-alkyne cycloaddition.	[van Eldijk, Mark B.] CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [van Hest, Jan C. M.] Radboud Univ Nijmegen, Inst Mol & Mat, Nijmegen, Netherlands	van Eldijk, MB (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.							16	1	1	0	3	HUMANA PRESS INC	TOTOWA	999 RIVERVIEW DR, STE 208, TOTOWA, NJ 07512-1165 USA	1064-3745	1940-6029	978-1-4939-7574-7; 978-1-4939-7573-0	METHODS MOL BIOL	Methods Mol. Biol.		2018	1728						137	145		10.1007/978-1-4939-7574-7_8	10.1007/978-1-4939-7574-7		9	Biochemical Research Methods; Biochemistry & Molecular Biology	Biochemistry & Molecular Biology	BK3DL	WOS:000434794700009	29404995				2020-09-09	
S	Coughlin, MW; Deustua, S; Guyonnet, A; Mondrik, N; Rice, JP; Stubbs, CW; Woodward, JT		Peck, AB; Seaman, RL; Benn, CR		Coughlin, Michael W.; Deustua, Susana; Guyonnet, Augustin; Mondrik, Nicholas; Rice, Joseph P.; Stubbs, Christopher W.; Woodward, John T.			Testing of the LSST's photometric calibration strategy at the CTIO 0.9 meter telescope	OBSERVATORY OPERATIONS: STRATEGIES, PROCESSES, AND SYSTEMS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Observatory Operations - Strategies, Processes, and Systems VII	JUN 11-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		LSST; Photometric Calibration	SPECTROPHOTOMETRIC STANDARDS; PANSTARRS; STARS; STIS	The calibration hardware system of the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope (LSST) is designed to measure two quantities: a telescope's instrumental response and atmospheric transmission, both as a function of wavelength. First of all, a "collimated beam projector" is designed to measure the instrumental response function by projecting monochromatic light through a mask and a collimating optic onto the telescope. During the measurement, the light level is monitored with a NIST-traceable photodiode. This method does not suffer from stray light effects or the reflections (known as ghosting) present when using a flat-field screen illumination, which has a systematic source of uncertainty from uncontrolled reflections. It allows for an independent measurement of the throughput of the telescope's optical train as well as each filter's transmission as a function of position on the primary mirror. Second, CALSPEC stars can be used as calibrated light sources to illuminate the atmosphere and measure its transmission. To measure the atmosphere's transfer function, we use the telescope's imager with a Ronchi grating in place of a filter to configure it as a low resolution slitless spectrograph. In this paper, we describe this calibration strategy, focusing on results from a prototype system at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory (CTIO) 0.9 meter telescope. We compare the instrumental throughput measurements to nominal values measured using a laboratory spectrophotometer, and we describe measurements of the atmosphere made via CALSPEC standard stars during the same run.	[Coughlin, Michael W.] CALTECH, Div Phys Math & Astron, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Deustua, Susana] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Guyonnet, Augustin; Mondrik, Nicholas; Stubbs, Christopher W.] Harvard Univ, Dept Phys, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Rice, Joseph P.; Woodward, John T.] NIST, 100 Bur Dr, Gaithersburg, MD 20899 USA; [Stubbs, Christopher W.] Harvard Univ, Dept Astron, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA	Coughlin, MW (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Phys Math & Astron, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	mcoughli@caltech.edu	Stubbs, Christopher/C-2829-2012	Stubbs, Christopher/0000-0003-0347-1724	David and Ellen Lee Postdoctoral Fellowship at the California Institute of Technology; DOE Office of ScienceUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-SC0007881]; National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship ProgramNational Science Foundation (NSF) [DGE 1745303]	MC was supported by the David and Ellen Lee Postdoctoral Fellowship at the California. Institute of Technology. CWS is grateful to the DOE Office of Science for their support under award DE-SC0007881. NM is supported by National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship Program, under NSF grant number DGE 1745303. NM thanks the LSSTC Data Science Fellowship Program, his time as a Fellow Iris benefited this work.		19	1	1	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1962-3	PROC SPIE			2018	10704								1070420	10.1117/12.2309582			13	Engineering, Aerospace; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5SA	WOS:000452635900063		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Diehl, HT; Neilsen, E; Gruendl, RA; Abbott, TMC; Allam, S; Alvarez, O; Annis, J; Balbinot, E; Bhargava, S; Bechtol, K; Bernstein, GM; Bhatawdekar, R; Bocquet, S; Brout, D; Capasso, R; Cawthon, R; Chang, C; Cook, E; Conselice, CJ; Cruz, J; D'Andrea, C; da Costa, L; Das, R; Depoy, DL; Drlica-Wagner, A; Elliott, A; Everett, SW; Frieman, J; Neto, AF; Ferte, A; Friswell, I; Furnell, KE; Gelman, L; Gerdes, DW; Gill, MSS; Goldstein, DA; Gruen, D; Gulledge, DJ; Hamilton, S; Hollowood, D; Honscheid, K; James, DJ; Johnson, MD; Johnson, MWG; Kent, S; Kessler, R; Khullar, G; Kovacs, E; Kremin, A; Kron, R; Kuropatkin, N; Lasker, J; Lathrop, A; Li, TS; Manera, M; March, M; Marshall, JL; Medford, M; Menanteau, F; Mohammed, I; Monroy, MR; Moraes, B; Morganson, EP; Muir, J; Murphy, M; Nord, B; Pace, AB; Palmese, A; Park, Y; Paz-Chinchon, F; Pereira, MES; Petravick, D; Plazas, AA; Poh, J; Prochaska, T; Reil, K; Romer, AK; Roodman, A; Sako, M; Sauseda, M; Scolnic, D; Secco, LF; Sevilla-Noarbe, I; Shipp, N; Smith, JA; Soares-Santos, M; Soergel, B; Stebbins, A; Story, KT; Stringer, K; Tarsitano, F; Thomas, B; Tucker, DL; Vivas, K; Walker, AR; Wang, MY; Weaverdyck, C; Weaverdyck, N; Wester, W; Wethers, CF; Wilkinson, R; Wu, HY; Yannya, B; Zenteno, A; Zhang, Y		Peck, AB; Seaman, RL; Benn, CR		Diehl, H. T.; Neilsen, E.; Gruendl, R. A.; Abbott, T. M. C.; Allam, S.; Alvarez, O.; Annis, J.; Balbinot, E.; Bhargava, S.; Bechtol, K.; Bernstein, G. M.; Bhatawdekar, R.; Bocquet, S.; Brout, D.; Capasso, R.; Cawthon, R.; Chang, C.; Cook, E.; Conselice, C. J.; Cruz, J.; D'Andrea, C.; da Costa, L.; Das, R.; DePoy, D. L.; Drlica-Wagner, A.; Elliott, A.; Everett, S. W.; Frieman, J.; Fausti Neto, A.; Ferte, A.; Friswell, I.; Furnell, K. E.; Gelman, L.; Gerdes, D. W.; Gill, M. S. S.; Goldstein, D. A.; Gruen, D.; Gulledge, D. J.; Hamilton, S.; Hollowood, D.; Honscheid, K.; James, D. J.; Johnson, M. D.; Johnson, M. W. G.; Kent, S.; Kessler, R.; Khullar, G.; Kovacs, E.; Kremin, A.; Kron, R.; Kuropatkin, N.; Lasker, J.; Lathrop, A.; Li, T. S.; Manera, M.; March, M.; Marshall, J. L.; Medford, M.; Menanteau, F.; Mohammed, I.; Monroy, M. R.; Moraes, B.; Morganson, E. P.; Muir, J.; Murphy, M.; Nord, B.; Pace, A. B.; Palmese, A.; Park, Y.; Paz-Chinchon, F.; Pereira, M. E. S.; Petravick, D.; Plazas, A. A.; Poh, J.; Prochaska, T.; Reil, K.; Romer, A. K.; Roodman, A.; Sako, M.; Sauseda, M.; Scolnic, D.; Secco, L. F.; Sevilla-Noarbe, I.; Shipp, N.; Smith, J. A.; Soares-Santos, M.; Soergel, B.; Stebbins, A.; Story, K. T.; Stringer, K.; Tarsitano, F.; Thomas, B.; Tucker, D. L.; Vivas, K.; Walker, A. R.; Wang, M. -Y.; Weaverdyck, C.; Weaverdyck, N.; Wester, W.; Wethers, C. F.; Wilkinson, R.; Wu, H. -Y.; Yannya, B.; Zenteno, A.; Zhang, Y.			The Dark Energy Survey and Operations: Years 4 and 5	OBSERVATORY OPERATIONS: STRATEGIES, PROCESSES, AND SYSTEMS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Observatory Operations - Strategies, Processes, and Systems VII	JUN 11-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Cosmology; Dark Energy Survey; Dark Energy Camera; Operations; CTIO	COMPRESSION	The Dark Energy Survey (DES) is an operating optical survey aimed at understanding the accelerating expansion of the universe using four complementary methods: weak gravitational lensing, galaxy cluster counts, baryon acoustic oscillations, and Type Ia supernovae. To perform the 5000 sq-degree wide field and 30 sq-degree supernova surveys, the DES Collaboration built the Dark Energy Camera (DECam), a 3 square-degree, 570-Megapixel CCD camera that was installed at the prime focus of the Blanco 4-meter telescope at the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory (CTIO). DES has completed its third observing season out of a nominal five. This paper describes DES "Year 4" (Y4) and "Year 5" (Y5), the survey strategy, an outline of the survey operations procedures, the efficiency of operations and the causes of lost observing time. It provides details about the quality of these two-season's data, a summary of the overall status, and plans for the final survey season.	[Diehl, H. T.; Neilsen, E.; Allam, S.; Alvarez, O.; Annis, J.; Drlica-Wagner, A.; Frieman, J.; Kent, S.; Kron, R.; Kuropatkin, N.; Lathrop, A.; Li, T. S.; Mohammed, I.; Murphy, M.; Nord, B.; Soares-Santos, M.; Stebbins, A.; Tucker, D. L.; Wester, W.; Yannya, B.; Zhang, Y.] Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, POB 500, Batavia, IL 60510 USA; [Gruendl, R. A.; Gelman, L.; Johnson, M. D.; Johnson, M. W. G.; Menanteau, F.; Morganson, E. P.; Paz-Chinchon, F.; Petravick, D.] Natl Ctr Supercomp Applicat, 1205 West Clark St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Gruendl, R. A.; Menanteau, F.; Morganson, E. P.] Univ Illinois, Dept Astron, W Green St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA; [Abbott, T. M. C.; Cruz, J.; James, D. J.; Vivas, K.; Walker, A. R.; Zenteno, A.] Cerro Tololo Interamer Observ, Natl Opt Astron Observ, Casilla 603, La Serena, Chile; [Balbinot, E.] Univ Surrey, Dept Phys, Guildford GU2 7XH, Surrey, England; [Bhargava, S.; Romer, A. K.; Wilkinson, R.] Dept Phys & Astron, Brighton, Sussex, England; [Bechtol, K.] LSST, 933 North Cherry Ave, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Bernstein, G. M.; D'Andrea, C.; March, M.; Sako, M.; Secco, L. F.] Univ Penn, Dept Phys & Astron, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Bhatawdekar, R.; Conselice, C. J.] Univ Nottingham, Sch Phys & Astron, Univ Pk, Nottingham NG7 2RD, England; [Bocquet, S.; Kovacs, E.] Argonne Natl Lab, 9700 South Cass Ave, Argonne, IL 60439 USA; [Bocquet, S.; Capasso, R.] Univ Observ Munich, Scheinerstr 1, D-81679 Munich, Germany; [Capasso, R.] Excellence Cluster Univ, D-85748 Munich, Germany; [Cawthon, R.; Chang, C.; Frieman, J.; Kessler, R.; Khullar, G.; Lasker, J.; Poh, J.; Scolnic, D.; Shipp, N.] Univ Chicago, Kavli Inst Cosmol Phys, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Cawthon, R.; Frieman, J.; Khullar, G.; Lasker, J.; Poh, J.; Shipp, N.] Univ Chicago, Dept Astron & Astrophys, 5640 S Ellis Ave, Chicago, IL 60637 USA; [Cook, E.; Marshall, J. L.; Pace, A. B.; Prochaska, T.; Sauseda, M.; Stringer, K.; Wang, M. -Y.] Texas A&M Univ, George P & Cynthia Woods Mitchell Inst Fundament, College Stn, TX 77843 USA; [Cook, E.; Marshall, J. L.; Pace, A. B.; Prochaska, T.; Sauseda, M.; Stringer, K.; Wang, M. -Y.] Texas A&M Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, College Stn, TX 77843 USA; [da Costa, L.; Fausti Neto, A.] Lab Interinst & Astron LIneA, Rua Gal Jose Cristino 77, BR-20921400 Rio De Janeiro, RJ, Brazil; [Das, R.; Gerdes, D. W.; Hamilton, S.; Kremin, A.; Muir, J.; Weaverdyck, C.; Weaverdyck, N.] Univ Michigan, Dept Phys, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Elliott, A.; Honscheid, K.; Wu, H. -Y.] Ohio State Univ, Dept Phys, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Everett, S. W.; Hollowood, D.] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Dept Phys, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Everett, S. W.; Hollowood, D.] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Santa Cruz Inst Particle Phys, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Ferte, A.; Friswell, I.] Univ Edinburgh, Inst Astron, Blackford Hill, Edinburgh EH9 3HJ, Midlothian, Scotland; [Furnell, K. E.] Liverpool John Moores Univ, IC2, Astrophys Res Inst, Liverpool Sci Pk,146 Brownlow Hill, Liverpool L3 5RF, Merseyside, England; [Gill, M. S. S.; Gruen, D.; Roodman, A.; Story, K. T.] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Goldstein, D. A.; Medford, M.; Reil, K.] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, 1 Cyclotron Rd, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Goldstein, D. A.; Medford, M.] Univ Calif Berkeley, Dept Astron, 501 Campbell Hall, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Gruen, D.; Reil, K.; Roodman, A.; Story, K. T.] Stanford Univ, Kavli Inst Particle Astrophys & Cosmol, 452 Lomita Mall, Stanford, CA 94305 USA; [Gulledge, D. J.; Smith, J. A.] Austin Peay State Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Clarksville, TN 37044 USA; [Honscheid, K.] Ohio State Univ, Ctr Cosmol & Astroparticle Phys, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [James, D. J.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Manera, M.; Moraes, B.; Palmese, A.] UCL, Dept Phys & Astron, Gower St, London WC1E 6BT, England; [Monroy, M. R.; Sevilla-Noarbe, I.] Ctr Invest Energet Medioambientales & Tecnol CIEM, Madrid, Spain; [Park, Y.] Univ Arizona, Dept Phys, Tucson, AZ 85721 USA; [Pereira, M. E. S.; Soares-Santos, M.] Brandeis Univ, Dept Phys, Waltham, MA 02453 USA; [Plazas, A. A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Soergel, B.] Univ Cambridge, Kavli Inst Cosmol, Madingley Rd, Cambridge CB3 0HA, England; [Tarsitano, F.] Swiss Fed Inst Technol, Dept Phys, Inst Astron, Wolfgang Pauli Str 27, CH-8093 Zurich, Switzerland; [Thomas, B.] Univ Portsmouth, Inst Cosmol & Gravitat, Portsmouth PO1 3FX, Hants, England; [Wethers, C. F.] Univ Cambridge, Inst Astron, Madingley Rd, Cambridge CB3 0HA, England	Diehl, HT (corresponding author), Fermilab Natl Accelerator Lab, POB 500, Batavia, IL 60510 USA.	Diehl@FNAL.GOV	Moraes, Bruno/V-3438-2019; Stebbins, Albert/AAM-3474-2020; Sevilla, Ignacio/AAB-8148-2019; Conselice, Christopher J/B-4348-2013	Stebbins, Albert/0000-0002-3807-7252; Sevilla, Ignacio/0000-0002-1831-1953; da Silva Pereira, Maria Elidaiana/0000-0002-7131-7684; Paz-Chinchon, Francisco/0000-0003-1339-2683; Hollowood, Devon/0000-0002-9369-4157; Soares-Santos, Marcelle/0000-0001-6082-8529; Moraes, Bruno/0000-0002-5898-0975; Khullar, Gourav/0000-0002-3475-7648; Capasso, Raffaella/0000-0002-3083-6840; Bernstein, Gary/0000-0002-8613-8259; Medford, Michael/0000-0002-7226-0659; Chang, Chihway/0000-0002-7887-0896; Muir, Jessica/0000-0002-7579-770X; Neilsen, Eric/0000-0002-7357-0317; Bocquet, Sebastian/0000-0002-4900-805X	U.S. Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE); U.S. National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); Ministry of Science and Education of SpainSpanish Government; Science and Technology Facilities Council of the United KingdomScience & Technology Facilities Council (STFC); Higher Education Funding Council for EnglandHigher Education Funding Council for England; National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign; Kavli Institute of Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago; Center for Cosmology and Astro-Particle Physics at the Ohio State UniversityOhio State University; Mitchell Institute for Fundamental Physics and Astronomy at Texas AM University; Financiadora de Estudos e Projetos, Fundacao Carlos Chagas Filho de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado do Rio de Janeiro; Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Cientifico e TecnologicoNational Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq); Ministerio da Ciencia, Tecnologia e Inovacao; Deutsche ForschungsgemeinschaftGerman Research Foundation (DFG); Dark Energy Survey; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1138766, AST-1536171]; MINECO [AYA2015-71825, ESP2015-66861, FPA2015-68048, SEV-2016-0588, SEV-2016-0597, MDM-2015-0509]; European UnionEuropean Union (EU); CERCA program of the Generalitat de Catalunya; European Research Council under the European Union's Seventh Framework Program (FP7/2007-2013) including ERC grant [240672, 291329, 306478]; Australian Research Council Centre of Excellence for All-sky Astrophysics (CAASTRO)Australian Research Council [CE110001020]; Brazilian Instituto Nacional de Ciencia e Tecnologia (INCT) e-Universe (CNPq)National Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq) [465376/2014-2]; U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Science, Office of High Energy PhysicsUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-AC02-07CH11359]; Argonne National LaboratoryUnited States Department of Energy (DOE)University of Chicago; University of California at Santa Cruz; University of CambridgeUniversity of Cambridge; Centro de Investigaciones Energeticas; Medioambientales y Tecnologicas-Madrid; University of ChicagoUniversity of Chicago; University College London; DES-Brazil Consortium; University of Edinburgh; Eidgenossische Technische Hochschule (ETH) ZurichETH Zurich; Fermi National Accelerator LaboratoryUnited States Department of Energy (DOE)University of Chicago; University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign; Institut de Ciencies de l'Espai (IEEC/CSIC); Institut de Fisica d'Altes Energies; Lawrence Berkeley National LaboratoryUnited States Department of Energy (DOE); Ludwig-Maximilians Universitat Munchen; associated Excellence Cluster Universe; University of MichiganUniversity of Michigan System; National Optical Astronomy ObservatoryNational Science Foundation (NSF)NSF - Directorate for Mathematical & Physical Sciences (MPS); University of Nottingham; Ohio State UniversityOhio State University; University of Pennsylvania; University of Portsmouth; SLAC National Accelerator LaboratoryStanford UniversityUnited States Department of Energy (DOE); Stanford UniversityStanford University; University of Sussex; OzDES Membership Consortium; Texas AM University	Funding for the DES Projects has been provided by the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. National Science Foundation, the Ministry of Science and Education of Spain, the Science and Technology Facilities Council of the United Kingdom, the Higher Education Funding Council for England, the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, the Kavli Institute of Cosmological Physics at the University of Chicago, the Center for Cosmology and Astro-Particle Physics at the Ohio State University, the Mitchell Institute for Fundamental Physics and Astronomy at Texas A&M University, Financiadora de Estudos e Projetos, Fundacao Carlos Chagas Filho de Amparo a Pesquisa do Estado do Rio de Janeiro, Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Cientifico e Tecnologico and the Ministerio da Ciencia, Tecnologia e Inovacao, the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft and the Collaborating Institutions in the Dark Energy Survey.; The Collaborating Institutions are Argonne National Laboratory, the University of California at Santa Cruz, the University of Cambridge, Centro de Investigaciones Energeticas, Medioambientales y Tecnologicas-Madrid, the University of Chicago, University College London, the DES-Brazil Consortium, the University of Edinburgh, the Eidgenossische Technische Hochschule (ETH) Zurich, Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, the Institut de Ciencies de l'Espai (IEEC/CSIC), the Institut de Fisica d'Altes Energies, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, the Ludwig-Maximilians Universitat Munchen and the associated Excellence Cluster Universe, the University of Michigan, the National Optical Astronomy Observatory, the University of Nottingham, The Ohio State University, the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Portsmouth, SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, Stanford University, the University of Sussex, Texas A&M University, and the OzDES Membership Consortium.; The DES data management system is supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant Numbers AST-1138766 and AST-1536171. The DES participants from Spanish institutions are partially supported by MINECO under grants AYA2015-71825, ESP2015-66861, FPA2015-68048, SEV-2016-0588, SEV-2016-0597, and MDM-2015-0509, some of which include ERDF funds from the European Union. IFAE is partially funded by the CERCA program of the Generalitat de Catalunya. Research leading to these results has received funding from the European Research Council under the European Union's Seventh Framework Program (FP7/2007-2013) including ERC grant agreements 240672, 291329, and 306478. We acknowledge support from the Australian Research Council Centre of Excellence for All-sky Astrophysics (CAASTRO), through project number CE110001020, and the Brazilian Instituto Nacional de Ciencia e Tecnologia (INCT) e-Universe (CNPq grant 465376/2014-2).; This manuscript has been authored by Fermi Research Alliance, LLC under Contract No. DE-AC02-07CH11359 with the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Science, Office of High Energy Physics. The United States Government retains and the publisher, by accepting the article for publication, acknowledges that the United States Government retains a non-exclusive, paid-up, irrevocable, world-wide license to publish or reproduce the published form of this manuscript, or allow others to do so, for United States Government purposes.		42	3	3	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1962-3	PROC SPIE			2018	10704								UNSP 107040D	10.1117/12.2312113			18	Engineering, Aerospace; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5SA	WOS:000452635900012					2020-09-09	
S	Lowrance, PJ; Krick, JE; Ingalls, JG; Laine, S; Carey, SJ; Glaccum, W; Hora, JL; Grillmair, CJ		Peck, AB; Seaman, RL; Benn, CR		Lowrance, Patrick J.; Krick, Jessica E.; Ingalls, Jim G.; Laine, Seppo; Carey, Sean J.; Glaccum, William; Hora, Joseph L.; Grillmair, Carl J.			Calibration Trending in the Spitzer Beyond Era	OBSERVATORY OPERATIONS: STRATEGIES, PROCESSES, AND SYSTEMS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Observatory Operations - Strategies, Processes, and Systems VII	JUN 11-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		infrared instrumentation; calibration; space mission		The Spitzer Space Telescope currently operates in the "Beyond Era", over nine years past an original cryogenic mission. As the astronomy community continues to advance scientific boundaries and push beyond original specifications, the stability of the Infrared Array Camera (IRAC) instrument is paramount. The Instrument Team (IST) monitors the pointing accuracy, temperature, and calibration and provides the information in a timely manner to observers. The IRAC IST created a calibration trending web page, available to the general astronomy community, where the team posts updates of three most pertinent scientific stability measures of the IRAC data: calibration, bias, and bad pixels. In addition, photometry and telescope properties from all the staring observations (>1500 as of April 2018) are trended to examine correlations with changes in the age or thermal properties of the telescope. A long, well-sampled baseline established by consistent monitoring outside anomalies and space weather events allows even the smallest changes to be detected.	[Lowrance, Patrick J.; Krick, Jessica E.; Ingalls, Jim G.; Laine, Seppo; Carey, Sean J.; Glaccum, William; Grillmair, Carl J.] CALTECH, IPAC, MS 314-6,1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Hora, Joseph L.] Harvard Smithsonian Ctr Astrophys, Cambridge, MA 00555 USA	Lowrance, PJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, IPAC, MS 314-6,1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.			Lowrance, Patrick/0000-0001-8014-0270; Carey, Sean/0000-0002-0221-6871; Krick, Jessica/0000-0002-2413-5976				12	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1962-3	PROC SPIE			2018	10704								UNSP 1070427	10.1117/12.2313953			11	Engineering, Aerospace; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5SA	WOS:000452635900070		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Scire, E		Peck, AB; Seaman, RL; Benn, CR		Scire, Elena			14 Years of Spitzer Publications: Data Use and Reuse	OBSERVATORY OPERATIONS: STRATEGIES, PROCESSES, AND SYSTEMS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Observatory Operations - Strategies, Processes, and Systems VII	JUN 11-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Spitzer; publications; archives		After 14 years of operations, the Spitzer Space Telescope has over 7800 refereed publications, which are catalogued in the Spitzer Bibliographical Database. After depleting the cryogen onboard in 2009 observatory operations were altered in order to run the mission on a budget totaling less than 1/3 that of the cryogenic mission. These changes included decreasing the number of approved science programs and funding to the community while encouraging very large programs (>1000 hours). We present here insights on how Spitzer's operational changes have altered how people publish the data, and present metrics about data use and re-usage for the entire mission in published papers. Spitzer is a community driven observatory and our observing programs vary in number of hours and number of observations depending on the science, and so a comparison between various methods of presenting publication statistics is discussed.	[Scire, Elena] CALTECH, Spitzer Sci Ctr, M-S 314-6 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Scire, E (corresponding author), CALTECH, Spitzer Sci Ctr, M-S 314-6 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	escire@ipac.caltech.edu						36	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1962-3	PROC SPIE			2018	10704								UNSP 1070417	10.1117/12.2312912			12	Engineering, Aerospace; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5SA	WOS:000452635900039		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Storrie-Lombardi, LJ; Kahr, BE; Hunt, JC; Carey, S; Bennett, CL; Silbermann, N; Scire, E; Mahoney, WA; Lowrance, P		Peck, AB; Seaman, RL; Benn, CR		Storrie-Lombardi, Lisa J.; Kahr, Bolinda E.; Hunt, Joseph C.; Carey, Sean; Bennett, Carson Lee; Silbermann, Nancy; Scire, Elena; Mahoney, William A.; Lowrance, Patrick			Lessons learned in extended-extended Spitzer Space Telescope operations	OBSERVATORY OPERATIONS: STRATEGIES, PROCESSES, AND SYSTEMS VII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Observatory Operations - Strategies, Processes, and Systems VII	JUN 11-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Spitzer Space Telescope; operations; extended mission; space telescopes		The Spitzer Space Telescope is executing the ninth year of extended operations beyond its 5.5-year prime mission. The project anticipated a maximum extended mission of about four years when the first mission extension was proposed. The robustness of the observatory hardware and the creativity of the project engineers and scientists in overcoming hurdles to operations has enabled a substantially longer mission lifetime. This has led to more challenges with an aging ground-system due to resource reductions and decisions made early in the extended mission based on a shorter planned lifetime. We provide an overview of the extended mission phases, challenges met in maintaining and enhancing the science productivity, and what we would have done differently if the extended mission was planned from the start to be nearly twice as long as the prime mission.	[Storrie-Lombardi, Lisa J.; Kahr, Bolinda E.; Hunt, Joseph C.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Carey, Sean; Bennett, Carson Lee; Silbermann, Nancy; Scire, Elena; Mahoney, William A.; Lowrance, Patrick] CALTECH, IPAC, Spitzer Sci Ctr, M-C 314-6, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Storrie-Lombardi, LJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.			Lowrance, Patrick/0000-0001-8014-0270; Carey, Sean/0000-0002-0221-6871				7	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1962-3	PROC SPIE			2018	10704								UNSP 107041D	10.1117/12.2314116			6	Engineering, Aerospace; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5SA	WOS:000452635900044		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Defrere, D; Ireland, M; Absil, O; Berger, JP; Danchi, WC; Ertel, S; Gallenne, A; Henault, F; Hinz, P; Huby, E; Kraus, S; Labadie, L; Le Bouquin, JB; Martin, G; Matter, A; Mennesson, B; Merand, A; Minardi, S; Monnier, JD; Norris, B; de Xivry, GO; Pedretti, E; Pott, JU; Reggiani, M; Serabyn, E; Surdej, J; Tristram, KRW; Woillez, J		CreechEakman, MJ; Tuthill, PG; Merand, A		Defrere, D.; Ireland, M.; Absil, O.; Berger, J. -P.; Danchi, W. C.; Ertel, S.; Gallenne, A.; Henault, F.; Hinz, P.; Huby, E.; Kraus, S.; Labadie, L.; Le Bouquin, J. -B.; Martin, G.; Matter, A.; Mennesson, B.; Merand, A.; Minardi, S.; Monnier, J. D.; Norris, B.; de Xivry, G. Orban; Pedretti, E.; Pott, J. -U.; Reggiani, M.; Serabyn, E.; Surdej, J.; Tristram, K. R. W.; Woillez, J.			Hi-5: a potential high-contrast thermal near-infrared imager for the VLTI	OPTICAL AND INFRARED INTERFEROMETRY AND IMAGING VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Optical and Infrared Interferometry and Imaging VI	JUN 11-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Infrared interferometry; Integrated optics; VLTI; Hi-5; PFI; Exoplanet; Exozodiacal dust; AGN	ULTRAFAST LASER INSCRIPTION; PATH-LENGTH MEASUREMENTS; SIMULTANEOUS WATER-VAPOR; WAVE-GUIDES; BEAM COMBINATION; INTERFEROMETRY; COMBINERS; SCIENCE; DESIGN	Hi-5 is a high-contrast (or high dynamic range) infrared imager project for the VLTI. Its main goal is to characterize young extra-solar planetary systems and exozodiacal dust around southern main-sequence stars. In this paper, we present an update of the project and key technology pathways to improve the contrast achieved by the VLTI. In particular, we discuss the possibility to use integrated optics, proven in the near-infrared, in the thermal near-infrared (L and M bands, 3-5 p.m) and advanced fringe tracking strategies. We also address the strong exoplanet science case (young exoplanets, planet formation, and exozodiacal disks) offered by this wavelength regime as well as other possible science cases such as stellar physics (fundamental parameters and multiplicity) and extragalactic astrophysics (active galactic nuclei and fundamental constants). Synergies and scientific preparation for other potential future instruments such as the Planet Formation Imager are also briefly discussed.	[Defrere, D.; Absil, O.; de Xivry, G. Orban; Reggiani, M.; Surdej, J.] Univ Liege, Space Sci Technol & Astrophys Res STAR Inst, Liege, Belgium; [Ireland, M.] Australian Natl Univ, Res Sch Astron & Astrophys, Canberra, ACT 2611, Australia; [Berger, J. -P.; Henault, F.; Le Bouquin, J. -B.; Martin, G.] Univ Grenoble Alpes, CNRS, IPAG, F-38000 Grenoble, France; [Danchi, W. C.] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Exoplanets & Stellar Astrophys Lab, Greenbelt, MD USA; [Ertel, S.; Hinz, P.] Univ Arizona, Steward Observ, Dept Astron, Tucson, AZ USA; [Gallenne, A.; Tristram, K. R. W.] European Southern Observ, Alonso de Cordova 3107, Vitacura, Santiago De Chi, Chile; [Huby, E.] PSL Res Univ, Observ Paris, LESIA, F-92195 Meudon, France; [Kraus, S.] Univ Exeter, Sch Phys & Astron, Exeter, Devon, England; [Labadie, L.] Univ Cologne, Phys Inst 1, Zulpicher Str 77, D-50937 Cologne, Germany; [Matter, A.] Univ Cote Azur, CNRS, Observ Cote Azur, Lab Lagrange, Bd Observ,CS 34229, F-06304 Nice 4, France; [Mennesson, B.; Serabyn, E.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Merand, A.; Woillez, J.] European Southern Observ, Munich, Germany; [Minardi, S.; Pedretti, E.] Univ Jena, Jena, Germany; [Monnier, J. D.] Univ Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Norris, B.] Univ Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia; [Minardi, S.; Pedretti, E.] Leibniz Inst Astrophys Potsdam AIP, innoFSPEC, Potsdam, Germany; [Pott, J. -U.] Max Planck Inst Astron, Heidelberg, Germany	Defrere, D (corresponding author), Univ Liege, Space Sci Technol & Astrophys Res STAR Inst, Liege, Belgium.	ddefrere@uliege.be	Norris, Barnaby Richard/AAG-1314-2020	Norris, Barnaby Richard/0000-0002-8352-7515; Kraus, Stefan/0000-0001-6017-8773; Reggiani, Maddalena/0000-0003-2911-0898; Merand, Antoine/0000-0003-2125-0183; Gallenne, Alexandre/0000-0001-7853-4094; Pott, Jorg-Uwe/0000-0003-4291-2078	H2020 OPTICON Joint Research Network; ERC Starting Grant [639889]; STFC Rutherford Fellowship [ST/J004030/1]	The authors acknowledge the support from the H2020 OPTICON Joint Research Network. DD and OA thank the Belgian national funds for scientific research (FNRS). SK acknowledges support from an ERC Starting Grant (Grant Agreement No. 639889) and STFC Rutherford Fellowship (ST/J004030/1).		73	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1956-2	PROC SPIE			2018	10701								UNSP 107010U	10.1117/12.2313700			15	Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5TQ	WOS:000452671900023		Green Published			2020-09-09	
S	Tuthill, P; Bendek, E; Guyon, O; Horton, A; Jeffries, B; Jovanovic, N; Klupar, P; Larkin, K; Norris, B; Pope, B; Shao, M		CreechEakman, MJ; Tuthill, PG; Merand, A		Tuthill, Peter; Bendek, Eduardo; Guyon, Olivier; Horton, Anthony; Jeffries, Bryn; Jovanovic, Nemanja; Klupar, Pete; Larkin, Kieren; Norris, Bernaby; Pope, Benjamin; Shao, Mike			The TOLIMAN space telescope	OPTICAL AND INFRARED INTERFEROMETRY AND IMAGING VI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Optical and Infrared Interferometry and Imaging VI	JUN 11-15, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies, Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Astrometry; Exoplanet detection; high precision astronomical measurement		The TOLIMAN space telescope is a low-cost, agile mission concept dedicated to astrometric detection of exoplanets in the near-solar environment, and particularly targeting the Alpha Cen system. Although successful discovery technologies are now populating exoplanetary catalogs into the thousands, contemporary astronomy is still poorly equipped to answer the basic question of whether there are any rocky planets orbiting any particular star system. Toliman will make a first study of stars within 10 PC of the sun by deploying an innovative optical and signal encoding architecture that leverages the most promising technology to deliver data on this critical stellar sample: high precision astrometric monitoring. Here we present results from the Foundational Mission Study, jointly funded by the Breakthrough Prize Foundation and the University of Sydney which has translated innovative underlying design principles into error budgets and potential spacecraft systems designs.	[Tuthill, Peter; Norris, Bernaby] Univ Sydney, Sch Phys, Sydney Inst Astron, Sydney, NSW 2006, Australia; [Bendek, Eduardo] NASA, Ames Res Ctr, MS 245-6, Moffett Field, CA 94035 USA; [Guyon, Olivier] Natl Observ Japan, Subaru Telescope, 650 N Aohoku Pl, Hilo, HI 96720 USA; [Horton, Anthony] AAO, 105 Delhi Rd, N Ryde, NSW 2113, Australia; [Jeffries, Bryn] Univ Sydney, Sch Informat Technol, Sydney, NSW 2006, Australia; [Jovanovic, Nemanja] CALTECH, Opt Observ, 1200 E Calif Blvd,MC 11-17, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Klupar, Pete] Breakthrought Prize Fdn, 901 New York Ave NW, Washington, DC USA; [Larkin, Kieren] Nontrivialzeros Res, 22 Mitchell St, Putney, NSW 2112, Australia; [Pope, Benjamin] NYU, Ctr Cosmol & Particle Phys, 726 Broadway, New York, NY 10003 USA; [Shao, Mike] Jet Prop Lab, M-S 321-134 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Tuthill, P (corresponding author), Univ Sydney, Sch Phys, Sydney Inst Astron, Sydney, NSW 2006, Australia.	peter.tuthill@sydney.edu.au	Guyon, Olivier/N-4719-2019; Norris, Barnaby Richard/AAG-1314-2020	Guyon, Olivier/0000-0002-1097-9908; Norris, Barnaby Richard/0000-0002-8352-7515; Horton, Anthony/0000-0002-4600-7852; Larkin, Kieran Gerard/0000-0003-0864-3388; Jeffries, Bryn/0000-0002-5981-4426; Pope, Benjamin/0000-0003-2595-9114	Breakthrough Prize Foundation	The original scientific impetus as well as critical financial and logistical support for this research program were provided by the Breakthrough Prize Foundation. The authors also acknowledge the University of Sydney who are joint partners in the study which produced the results presented.		8	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1956-2	PROC SPIE			2018	10701								UNSP 107011J	10.1117/12.2313269			10	Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5TQ	WOS:000452671900043					2020-09-09	
S	Nemati, B; Stahl, HP; Stahl, MT; Ruane, G		Kahan, MA; LevineWest, MB; Merrill, CD		Nemati, Bijan; Stahl, H. Philip; Stahl, Mark T.; Ruane, Garreth			HabEx Telescope WFE stability specification derived from coronagraph starlight leakage	OPTICAL MODELING AND PERFORMANCE PREDICTIONS X	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Optical Modeling and Performance Predictions X	AUG 22-23, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		coronagraph; exoplanet; imaging; modeling; space telescope		The Habitable Exoplanet Observatory Mission (HabEx) is one of four missions under study for the 2020 Astrophysics Decadal Survey. Its goal is to directly image and spectroscopically characterize planetary systems in the habitable zone around nearby sun-like. Additionally, HabEx will perform a broad range of general astrophysics science enabled by 100 to 2500 nm spectral range and 3 x 3 arc-minute FOV. To achieve its exoplanet science goals, HabEx is baselining both an internal coronagraph and a star-shade. But, an internal coronagraph requires an ultra-stable wavefront. Achieving this stability imposes never before required performance specifications upon the telescope and requires a new approach systems engineering. The telescope and coronagraph must be specified and designed as an integrated system. This paper describes a two-step systems engineering process that can be applied to any potential telescope/coronagraph combination. The first step is to determine the coronagraph's performance metrics of core throughput, raw contrast and stability of raw contrast. The second step is to calculate the sensitivity of the coronagraph's performance metric to its telescope's optical performance (e.g. wavefront stability). To illustrate the process, four representative architectures are evaluated: two vector-vortex and a hybrid Lyot coronagraph in combination with an off-axis monolithic telescope; and, an apodized pupil Lyot coronagraph with an on-axis hexagonal segment telescope (similar to the Webb Telescope aperture or the potential Large UV/Optical/IR Surveyor (LUVOIR) decadal mission).	[Nemati, Bijan] Univ Alabama Huntsville, 301 Sparkman Dr, Huntsville, AL 35899 USA; [Stahl, H. Philip; Stahl, Mark T.] Marshall Space Flight Ctr, Huntsville, AL 35811 USA; [Ruane, Garreth] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Nemati, B (corresponding author), Univ Alabama Huntsville, 301 Sparkman Dr, Huntsville, AL 35899 USA.		Ruane, Garreth/A-5997-2013	Ruane, Garreth/0000-0003-4769-1665				10	2	2	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2058-2	PROC SPIE			2018	10743								107430G	10.1117/12.2312662			12	Optics	Optics	BL5JO	WOS:000451772200012					2020-09-09	
S	Lombardo, S; Behaghel, T; Chambion, B; Jahn, W; Hugot, E; Muslimov, E; Roulet, M; Ferrari, M; Gaschet, C; Henry, D; Caplet, S		Schelkens, P; Ebrahimi, T; Cristobal, G		Lombardo, Simona; Behaghel, Thibault; Chambion, Bertrand; Jahn, Wilfried; Hugot, Emmanuel; Muslimov, Eduard; Roulet, Melanie; Ferrari, Marc; Gaschet, Christophe; Henry, David; Caplet, Stephane			Curved CMOS sensor: characterization of the first fully-functional prototype	OPTICS, PHOTONICS, AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGIES FOR IMAGING APPLICATIONS V	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Optics, Photonics, and Digital Technologies for Imaging Applications V	APR 24-26, 2018	Strasbourg, FRANCE	SPIE, Strasbourg Europtimist, CNRS, Investissements Avenvir, iCube, Univ Strasbourg		CMOS; curved detector; characterization; noise properties; dark current		Many are the optical designs that generate curved focal planes for which field flattener must be implemented. This generally implies the use of more optical elements and a consequent loss of throughput and performances. With the recent development of curved sensor this can be avoided. This new technology has been gathering more and more attention from a very broad community, as the potential applications are multiple: from low-cost commercial to high impact scientific systems, to mass-market and on board cameras, defense and security, and astronomical community. We describe here the first concave curved CMOS detector developed within a collaboration between CNRS-LAM and CEA-LETI. This fully-functional detector 20 Mpix (CMOSIS CMV20000) has been curved down to a radius of R-c =150 mm over a size of 24x32 mm(2). We present here the methodology adopted for its characterization and describe in detail all the results obtained. We also discuss the main components of noise, such as the readout noise, the fixed pattern noise and the dark current. Finally we provide a comparison with the flat version of the same sensor in order to establish the impact of the curving process on the main characteristics of the sensor.	[Lombardo, Simona; Behaghel, Thibault; Hugot, Emmanuel; Muslimov, Eduard; Roulet, Melanie; Ferrari, Marc] Aix Marseille Univ, CNRS, CNES, LAM, Marseille, France; [Jahn, Wilfried] CALTECH, Div Aerosp Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Muslimov, Eduard] Kazan Natl Res Tech Univ, Kazan, Russia; [Chambion, Bertrand; Gaschet, Christophe; Henry, David; Caplet, Stephane] Univ Grenoble Alpes, CEA, LETI, MINATEC Campus, F-38054 Grenoble, France	Lombardo, S (corresponding author), Aix Marseille Univ, CNRS, CNES, LAM, Marseille, France.	simona.lombardo@lam.fr	Lombardo, Simona/AAA-7581-2020; Muslimov, Eduard R./AAA-9751-2020; Henry, David/AAU-4650-2020	Muslimov, Eduard R./0000-0002-3242-9894; Henry, David/0000-0001-7169-7704	European Research councilEuropean Research Council (ERC) [H2020 -ERC-STG-2015 678777]; French Research Agency (ANR) through the LabEx FOCUSFrench National Research Agency (ANR) [ANR-11-LABX-0013]	The authors acknowledge the support of the European Research council through the H2020 -ERC-STG-2015 678777 ICARUS program. This activity was partially funded by the French Research Agency (ANR) through the LabEx FOCUS ANR-11-LABX-0013.		9	0	0	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1885-5	PROC SPIE			2018	10679								UNSP 1067910	10.1117/12.2307170			7	Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5TH	WOS:000452663000030		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Muslimov, E; Hugot, E; Lombardo, S; Roulet, M; Behaghel, T; Ferrari, M; Jahn, W; Gaschet, C; Chambion, B; Henry, D		Schelkens, P; Ebrahimi, T; Cristobal, G		Muslimov, Eduard; Hugot, Emmanuel; Lombardo, Simona; Roulet, Melanie; Behaghel, Thibault; Ferrari, Marc; Jahn, Wilfried; Gaschet, Christophe; Chambion, Bertrand; Henry, David			Curved detectors for wide field imaging systems: impact on tolerance analysis	OPTICS, PHOTONICS, AND DIGITAL TECHNOLOGIES FOR IMAGING APPLICATIONS V	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Optics, Photonics, and Digital Technologies for Imaging Applications V	APR 24-26, 2018	Strasbourg, FRANCE	SPIE, Strasbourg Europtimist, CNRS, Investissements Avenvir, iCube, Univ Strasbourg		curved detectors; image quality; tolerance analysis; wide field lens; off-axis telescope		In the present paper we consider quantitative estimation of the tolerances widening in optical systems with curved detectors. The gain in image quality allows to loosen the margins for manufacturing and assembling errors. On another hand, the requirements for the detector shape and positioning become more tight. We demonstrate both of the effects on example of two optical designs. The first one is a rotationally-symmetrical lens with focal length of 25 mm, f-ratio of 3.5 and field of view equal to 72 degrees, working in the visible domain. The second design is a three-mirror anastigmat telescope with focal length of 250 mm, f-ratio of 2.0 and field of view equal to 4 degrees x4 degrees. In both of the cases use of curved detectors allow to increase the image quality and substantially decrease the requirements for manufacturing precision	[Muslimov, Eduard; Hugot, Emmanuel; Lombardo, Simona; Roulet, Melanie; Behaghel, Thibault; Ferrari, Marc] Aix Marseille Univ, CNRS, CNES, LAM, 38 Rue Joliot Curie, F-13388 Marseille, France; [Muslimov, Eduard] Kazan Natl Res Tech Univ, 10 K Marx, Kazan 420111, Russia; [Jahn, Wilfried] CALTECH, Space Struct Lab, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Gaschet, Christophe; Chambion, Bertrand; Henry, David] Univ Grenoble Alpes, CEA, LETI, MINATEC campus, F-38054 Grenoble, France	Muslimov, E (corresponding author), Aix Marseille Univ, CNRS, CNES, LAM, 38 Rue Joliot Curie, F-13388 Marseille, France.; Muslimov, E (corresponding author), Kazan Natl Res Tech Univ, 10 K Marx, Kazan 420111, Russia.	eduard.muslimov@lam.fr	Henry, David/AAU-4650-2020; Lombardo, Simona/AAA-7581-2020; Muslimov, Eduard R./AAA-9751-2020	Henry, David/0000-0001-7169-7704; Muslimov, Eduard R./0000-0002-3242-9894	European Research councilEuropean Research Council (ERC) [H2020 - ERC-STG-2015 - 678777]; HARMONI instrument consortium	The authors acknowledge the support of the European Research council through the H2020 - ERC-STG-2015 - 678777 ICARUS program. This research was partially supported by the HARMONI instrument consortium. We also would like to thank Pierre Baron from Altechna Company for fruitful discussions, which helped us to state the aim of this study.		12	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1885-5	PROC SPIE			2018	10679								UNSP 106790W	10.1117/12.2305923			11	Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5TH	WOS:000452663000027		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Li, L; Zhang, PF; Wang, LHV		Oraevsky, AA; Wang, LV		Li, Lei; Zhang, Pengfei; Wang, Lihong V.			Linear-array based full-view high-resolution photoacoustic computed tomography of whole mouse brain functions in vivo	PHOTONS PLUS ULTRASOUND: IMAGING AND SENSING 2018	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Photons Plus Ultrasound - Imaging and Sensing	JAN 28-FEB 01, 2018	San Francisco, CA	SPIE, SENO Med Instruments, Inc		Photoacoustic computed tomography; deep brain imaging; functional imaging	CONNECTIVITY; MICROSCOPY; DYNAMICS; CORTEX; FMRI	Photoacoustic computed tomography (PACT) is a non-invasive imaging technique offering high contrast, high resolution, and deep penetration in biological tissues. We report a photoacoustic computed tomography (PACT) system equipped with a high frequency linear array for anatomical and functional imaging of the mouse whole brain. The linear array was rotationally scanned in the coronal plane to achieve the full-view coverage. We investigated spontaneous neural activities in the deep brain by monitoring the hemodynamics and observed strong interhemispherical correlations between contralateral regions, both in the cortical layer and in the deep regions.	[Li, Lei; Wang, Lihong V.] CALTECH, Andrew & Peggy Cherng Dept Med Engn, Caltech Opt Imaging Lab, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Li, Lei; Wang, Lihong V.] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Zhang, Pengfei] Washington Univ, Dept Biomed Engn, One Brookings Dr, St Louis, MO 63130 USA	Wang, LHV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Andrew & Peggy Cherng Dept Med Engn, Caltech Opt Imaging Lab, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Wang, LHV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	LVW@Caltech.edu			National Institutes of Health (NIH)United States Department of Health & Human ServicesNational Institutes of Health (NIH) - USA [U01 NS090579, U01 NS099717, R01 EB016963, DP1 EB016986, R01 CA186567, S10 RR026922]	This work was funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Grants U01 NS090579 (NIH Brain Initiative Award), U01 NS099717 (NIH Brain Initiative Award), R01 EB016963, DP1 EB016986 (Director's Pioneer Award), R01 CA186567 (Director's Transformative Research Award), S10 RR026922. The authors thank Prof. James Ballard for his close reading of the manuscript. L.V. Wang has a financial interest in Microphotoacoustics, Inc., CalPACT, LLC, and Union Photoacoustic Technologies, Ltd., which, however, did not support this work.		32	1	1	1	4	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1474-1	PROC SPIE			2018	10494								UNSP 104941H	10.1117/12.2289118			6	Microscopy; Optics; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	Microscopy; Optics; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	BL6AQ	WOS:000453069300019		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Lin, L; Hu, P; Shi, JH; Appleton, CM; Maslov, K; Wang, LHV		Oraevsky, AA; Wang, LV		Lin, Li; Hu, Peng; Shi, Junhui; Appleton, Catherine M.; Maslov, Konstantin; Wang, Lihong V.			Clinical photoacoustic computed tomography of the human breast in vivo within a single breath hold	PHOTONS PLUS ULTRASOUND: IMAGING AND SENSING 2018	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Photons Plus Ultrasound - Imaging and Sensing	JAN 28-FEB 01, 2018	San Francisco, CA	SPIE, SENO Med Instruments, Inc		Single breath hold; breast imaging; photoacoustic computed tomography; elastography; angiogenesis	TUMOR-GROWTH; CANCER; ANGIOGENESIS; MAMMOGRAPHY; ULTRASOUND; HYPOXIA; WOMEN	We have developed a single-breath-hold photoacoustic computed tomography (SBH-PACT) system to detect tumors and reveal detailed angiographic information about human breasts. SBH-PACT provides high spatial and temporal resolutions with a deep in vivo penetration depth of over 4 cm. A volumetric breast image can be acquired by scanning the breast within a single breath hold (similar to 15 sec). We imaged a healthy female volunteer and seven breast cancer patients. SBH-PACT clearly identified all tumors by revealing higher blood vessel densities and lower compliance associated with the tumors.	[Lin, Li; Shi, Junhui; Maslov, Konstantin; Wang, Lihong V.] CALTECH, Opt Imaging Lab, Andrew & Peggy Cherng Dept Med Engn, 1200 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Lin, Li; Hu, Peng] Washington Univ, Dept Biomed Engn, St Louis, MO 63130 USA; [Appleton, Catherine M.] Washington Univ, Sch Med St Louis, Breast Imaging Sect, 510 South Kingshighway Blvd, St Louis, MO 63108 USA; [Wang, Lihong V.] CALTECH, Opt Imaging Lab, Dept Elect Engn, 1200 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Wang, LHV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Opt Imaging Lab, Andrew & Peggy Cherng Dept Med Engn, 1200 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Wang, LHV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Opt Imaging Lab, Dept Elect Engn, 1200 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	LVW@caltech.edu		Maslov, KONSTANTIN/0000-0003-3408-8840	United States National Institutes of Health (NIH)United States Department of Health & Human ServicesNational Institutes of Health (NIH) - USA [DP1 EB016986, R01 CA186567, R01 EB016963]	The authors would like to thank Xi Li and Ruth Holdener for useful discussions and patient recruitment. We are grateful to James Linders for technical support. We also thank Prof. James Ballard and Amy Leong for close reading of the paper. This work was sponsored by the United States National Institutes of Health (NIH) grants DP1 EB016986 (NIH Director's Pioneer Award), R01 CA186567 (NIH Director's Transformative Research Award), and R01 EB016963.		17	8	9	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1474-1	PROC SPIE			2018	10494								UNSP 104942X	10.1117/12.2290987			7	Microscopy; Optics; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	Microscopy; Optics; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	BL6AQ	WOS:000453069300035		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Wong, TTW; Zhang, RY; Hai, PF; Aft, RL; Novack, DV; Wang, LHV		Oraevsky, AA; Wang, LV		Wong, Terence T. W.; Zhang, Ruiying; Hai, Pengfei; Aft, Rebecca L.; Novack, Deborah V.; Wang, Lihong V.			Photoacoustic microscopy enables multilayered histological imaging of human breast cancer without staining	PHOTONS PLUS ULTRASOUND: IMAGING AND SENSING 2018	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Photons Plus Ultrasound - Imaging and Sensing	JAN 28-FEB 01, 2018	San Francisco, CA	SPIE, SENO Med Instruments, Inc		Cancer; translational research; photoacoustic imaging; microscopy; label-free; histology		In 2016, an estimated similar to 250,000 new cases of invasive and non-invasive breast cancer were diagnosed in US women. About 60-75% of these cases were treated with breast conserving surgery (BCS) as the initial therapy. To reduce the local recurrence rate, the goal of BCS is to excise the tumor with a rim of normal surrounding tissue, so that no cancer cells remain at the cut margin, while preserving as much normal breast tissue as possible. Therefore, patients with remaining cancer cells at the cut margin commonly require a second surgical procedure to obtain clear margins. Different approaches have been used to decrease the positive margin rate to avoid re-excision. However, these techniques are variously ineffective in reducing the re-operative rate, difficult to master by surgeons, or time-consuming for large specimens. Thus, 20-60% of patients undergoing BCS still require second surgeries due to positive surgical margins. The ideal tool for margin assessment would provide the same information as histological analysis, without the need for processing specimens. To achieve this goal, we have developed and refined label-free photoacoustic microscopy (PAM) for breast specimens. Exploiting the intrinsic optical contrast of tissue, ultraviolet (UV) laser illumination can highlight cell nuclei, thus providing the same contrast as hematoxylin labeling used in conventional histology and measuring features related to the histological landscape without the need for labels. We demonstrate that our UV-PAM system can provide label-free, high-resolution, and histology-like imaging of fixed, unprocessed breast tissue.	[Wong, Terence T. W.; Hai, Pengfei; Wang, Lihong V.] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Andrew & Peggy Cherng Dept Med Engn, Opt Imaging Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wong, Terence T. W.; Zhang, Ruiying; Hai, Pengfei] Washington Univ, Dept Biomed Engn, Opt Imaging Lab, St Louis, MO 63130 USA; [Aft, Rebecca L.] Washington Univ, Sch Med, Dept Surg, St Louis, MO 63110 USA; [Aft, Rebecca L.] John Cochran Vet Hosp, St Louis, MO 63106 USA; [Novack, Deborah V.] Washington Univ, Sch Med, Dept Med, Musculoskeletal Res Ctr,Div Bone & Mineral Dis, St Louis, MO 63110 USA; [Novack, Deborah V.] Washington Univ, Sch Med, Dept Pathol, St Louis, MO 63110 USA	Wang, LHV (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Andrew & Peggy Cherng Dept Med Engn, Opt Imaging Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.			Wong, Terence Tsz Wai/0000-0001-6399-758X; Novack, Deborah/0000-0001-7101-5582				5	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1474-1	PROC SPIE			2018	10494								UNSP 1049443	10.1117/12.2291008			5	Microscopy; Optics; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	Microscopy; Optics; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	BL6AQ	WOS:000453069300055		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Wong, TTW; Zhang, RY; Hsu, HC; Maslov, KI; Shi, JH; Chen, RM; Shung, KK; Zhou, QF; Wang, LHV		Oraevsky, AA; Wang, LV		Wong, Terence T. W.; Zhang, Ruiying; Hsu, Hsun-Chia; Maslov, Konstantin I.; Shi, Junhui; Chen, Ruimin; Shung, K. Kirk; Zhou, Qifa; Wang, Lihong V.			Whole-organ atlas imaged by label-free high-resolution photoacoustic microscopy assisted by a microtome	PHOTONS PLUS ULTRASOUND: IMAGING AND SENSING 2018	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Photons Plus Ultrasound - Imaging and Sensing	JAN 28-FEB 01, 2018	San Francisco, CA	SPIE, SENO Med Instruments, Inc		Brain; photoacoustic imaging; microscopy; label-free; histology; microtome; whole-organ atlas		In biomedical imaging, all optical techniques face a fundamental trade-off between spatial resolution and tissue penetration. Therefore, obtaining an organelle-level resolution image of a whole organ has remained a challenging and yet appealing scientific pursuit. Over the past decade, optical microscopy assisted by mechanical sectioning or chemical clearing of tissue has been demonstrated as a powerful technique to overcome this dilemma, one of particular use in imaging the neural network. However, this type of techniques needs lengthy special preparation of the tissue specimen, which hinders broad application in life sciences. Here, we propose a new label-free three-dimensional imaging technique, named microtomy-assisted photoacoustic microscopy (mPAM), for potentially imaging all biomolecules with 100% endogenous natural staining in whole organs with high fidelity. We demonstrate the first label-free mPAM, using UV light for label-free histology-like imaging, in whole organs (e.g., mouse brains), most of them formalin-fixed and paraffin- or agarose-embedded for minimal morphological deformation. Furthermore, mPAM with dual wavelength illuminations is also employed to image a mouse brain slice, demonstrating the potential for imaging of multiple biomolecules without staining With visible light illumination, mPAM also shows its deep tissue imaging capability, which enables less slicing and hence reduces sectioning artifacts. mPAM could potentially provide a new insight for understanding complex biological organs.	[Wong, Terence T. W.; Hsu, Hsun-Chia; Maslov, Konstantin I.; Shi, Junhui; Wang, Lihong V.] CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Andrew & Peggy Cherng Dept Med Engn, Opt Imaging Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wong, Terence T. W.; Zhang, Ruiying; Hsu, Hsun-Chia] Washington Univ, Dept Biomed Engn, Opt Imaging Lab, St Louis, MO 63130 USA; [Chen, Ruimin; Shung, K. Kirk; Zhou, Qifa] Univ Southern Calif, Dept Biomed Engn, NIH, Resource Ctr Med Ultrason Transducer Technol, Los Angeles, CA 90089 USA; [Zhou, Qifa] Univ Southern Calif, Dept Ophthalmol & Biomed Engn, Roski Eye Inst, Los Angeles, CA 90089 USA	Wong, TTW (corresponding author), CALTECH, Dept Elect Engn, Andrew & Peggy Cherng Dept Med Engn, Opt Imaging Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.; Wong, TTW (corresponding author), Washington Univ, Dept Biomed Engn, Opt Imaging Lab, St Louis, MO 63130 USA.		Chen, Ruimin/K-2854-2018	Chen, Ruimin/0000-0002-5338-359X; Maslov, KONSTANTIN/0000-0003-3408-8840; Wong, Terence Tsz Wai/0000-0001-6399-758X				6	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1474-1	PROC SPIE			2018	10494								UNSP 104942N	10.1117/12.2291056			6	Microscopy; Optics; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	Microscopy; Optics; Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging	BL6AQ	WOS:000453069300032		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Acton, C; Bachman, N; Semenov, B; Wright, E				Acton, Charles; Bachman, Nathaniel; Semenov, Boris; Wright, Edward			A look towards the future in the handling of space science mission geometry	PLANETARY AND SPACE SCIENCE			English	Article; Proceedings Paper	Fall Meeting of the American-Geophysical-Union (AGU)	DEC 14-18, 2015	San Francisco, CA	Amer Geophys Union				The "SPICE" systems has been widely used since the days of the Magellan mission to Venus as the method for scientists and engineers to access a variety of space mission geometry such as positions, velocities, directions, orientations, sizes and shapes, and field-of-view projections (Acton, 1996). While originally focused on supporting NASA's planetary missions, the use of SPICE has slowly grown to include most worldwide planetary missions, and it has also been finding application in heliophysics and other space science disciplines. This paper peeks under the covers to see what new capabilities are being developed or planned at SPICE headquarters to better support the future of space science. The SPICE system is implemented and maintained by NASA's Navigation and Ancillary Information Facility (NAIF) located at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California (http://naifjpl.nasa.gov).	[Acton, Charles; Bachman, Nathaniel; Semenov, Boris; Wright, Edward] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Acton, C (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	charles.h.acton@jpl.nasa.gov						1	43	43	0	5	PERGAMON-ELSEVIER SCIENCE LTD	OXFORD	THE BOULEVARD, LANGFORD LANE, KIDLINGTON, OXFORD OX5 1GB, ENGLAND	0032-0633			PLANET SPACE SCI	Planet Space Sci.	JAN	2018	150				SI		9	12		10.1016/j.pss.2017.02.013			4	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FV6XM	WOS:000424725400003					2020-09-09	
S	Vest, B; Shelsinger, I; Dheur, MC; Devaux, E; Hugonin, JP; Greffet, JJ; Messin, G; Marquier, F		Tsai, DP; Tanaka, T		Vest, Benjamin; Shelsinger, Ilan; Dheur, Marie-Christine; Devaux, Eloise; Hugonin, Jean-Paul; Greffet, Jean-Jacques; Messin, Gaetan; Marquier, Francois			Revisiting quantum optics with single plasmons	PLASMONICS: DESIGN, MATERIALS, FABRICATION, CHARACTERIZATION, AND APPLICATIONS XVI	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	SPIE Optics + Photonics Conference on Plasmonics - Design, Materials, Fabrication, Characterization, and Applications XVI	AUG 19-23, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE		Quantum plasmonics; single plasmon; quantum optics; losses; decoherence	ASSISTED TRANSMISSION; INTERFERENCE; TIME; COHERENCE; EFFICIENT	The growing field of quantum plasmonics lies at the intersection between nanophotonics and quantum optics. QUantum plasmonics investigate the quantum properties of single surface plasmons, trying to reproduce fundamental and landmark quantum optics experiment that would benefit from the light-confinement properties of nanophotonic systems, thus paving the way towards the design of basic components dedicated to quantum experiments with sizes inferior to the diffraction limit. Several groups have recently reproduced fundamental quantum optics experiments with single surface plasmons polaritons (SPPs). We have investigated two situations of quantum interference of single SPPs on lossy beamsplitters : a plasmonic version of the Hong-Ou-Mandel experiment, and the observation of plasmonic N00N states interferences. We numerically designed and fabricated several beamsplitters that reveal new quantum interference scenarios, such as the coalescence and the anti-coalescence of SPPs, or quantum non-linear absorption. Our work show that losses can be seen as a new degree of freedom in the design of plasmonic devices.	[Vest, Benjamin; Shelsinger, Ilan; Dheur, Marie-Christine; Hugonin, Jean-Paul; Greffet, Jean-Jacques; Messin, Gaetan; Marquier, Francois] Univ Paris Saclay, CNRS, Inst Opt, Grad Sch,Lab Charles Fabry, F-91127 Palaiseau, France; [Vest, Benjamin] CALTECH, Thomas J Watson Labs Appl Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Devaux, Eloise] Univ Strasbourg, CNRS, Inst Sci & Ingn Supramol, F-67000 Strasbourg, France	Vest, B (corresponding author), Univ Paris Saclay, CNRS, Inst Opt, Grad Sch,Lab Charles Fabry, F-91127 Palaiseau, France.; Vest, B (corresponding author), CALTECH, Thomas J Watson Labs Appl Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Greffet, Jean-Jacques/S-3495-2019	Greffet, Jean-Jacques/0000-0002-4048-2150				35	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2016-2	PROC SPIE			2018	10722								UNSP 107220A	10.1117/12.2320322			11	Chemistry, Physical; Materials Science, Multidisciplinary; Optics	Chemistry; Materials Science; Optics	BL5SP	WOS:000452644400002		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
B	Ma, DBY; Smith, C; Zhang, Z; Hu, AM; Rouleau, C; Gosser, Z; Hong, KL; Cheng, JQ; Bar-Cohen, Y			ASME	Ma, Denzel Bridges Ying; Smith, Cary; Zhang, Zhili; Hu, Anming; Rouleau, Christopher; Gosser, Zachary; Hong, Kunlun; Cheng, Jinquan; Bar-Cohen, Yoseph			PREPARATION OF THICK NI/AL REACTIVE MULTILAYER FILMS AND PROSPECTIVE USE FOR SELF-POWERED BRAZING OF TI-6AL-4V	PROCEEDINGS OF THE ASME 13TH INTERNATIONAL MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING CONFERENCE, 2018, VOL 2			English	Proceedings Paper	13th ASME International Manufacturing Science and Engineering Conference	JUN 18-22, 2018	Coll Stn, TX	Asme, Mfg Engn Div				In this study we demonstrate a new method for depositing thick reactive multilayer films (RMFs) (thickness > 14 mu m) by using Ti interlayer integration and substrate preheating during fabrication. These two adjustments are designed to alleviate internal planar stresses that cause delamination between deposited layers and peeling off the substrate. Decreasing the distance between Ti interlayers helps to eliminate delamination between deposited layers. Through high speed camera measurements, the reaction propagation speed of an RMF sample with preheating is 42% slower than the same RMF that was not preheated, indicating a slower heat release rate. The preliminary experiments on brazing Ti-6Al-4V coated with BAlSi-4 brazing material revealed dendritic structure branching out from the RMF surface into the brazing material. The dendrite structures most likely form because of rapid melting and solidification of the brazing material. However, this rapid melting and solidification cycle does not appear to occur uniformly across the BAlSi-4RMF interface which is linked to its low bonding strength. When the Ti-6Al-4V substrate is heated to 150 degrees C prior to ignition, the strength increases to 0.47 MPa when the total RMF thickness is 84 mu m and 15 MPa of pressure is applied.	[Ma, Denzel Bridges Ying; Smith, Cary; Zhang, Zhili; Hu, Anming] Univ Tennessee, Dept Mech Aerosp & Biomed Engn, Knoxville, TN 37996 USA; [Rouleau, Christopher; Gosser, Zachary; Hong, Kunlun] Oak Ridge Natl Lab, Oak Ridge, TN USA; [Cheng, Jinquan] Composite Solut & Digital Mfg LLC, Chandler, AZ USA; [Bar-Cohen, Yoseph] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA	Ma, DBY (corresponding author), Univ Tennessee, Dept Mech Aerosp & Biomed Engn, Knoxville, TN 37996 USA.		Hu, Anming/AAQ-5592-2020; Hong, Kunlun/E-9787-2015	Hong, Kunlun/0000-0002-2852-5111	DOE Office of Science User Facility project at the Center for Nanophase Materials, Oak Ridge National Laboratory; Jet Propulsion Laboratory/California Institute of Technology	Some of the research reported in this paper was conducted under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). This project is jointly supported by a subcontract with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory/California Institute of Technology, and a DOE Office of Science User Facility project at the Center for Nanophase Materials, Oak Ridge National Laboratory. We also acknowledge John Dunlap, Maulik Patel, and the Joint Institute of Advanced Materials for use of their electron microscopy, EDX, and X-ray diffraction equipment and the training they provide.		11	0	0	0	2	AMER SOC MECHANICAL ENGINEERS	NEW YORK	THREE PARK AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY 10016-5990 USA			978-0-7918-5136-4				2018									V002T04A042				5	Engineering, Manufacturing; Engineering, Mechanical; Materials Science, Multidisciplinary	Engineering; Materials Science	BL5CE	WOS:000451240900042					2020-09-09	
J	Rengarajan, SR; Hodges, RE				Rengarajan, Sembiam R.; Hodges, Richard E.			Accurate Evaluation of the Conductor Loss in Rectangular Microstrip Patch Reflectarrays	PROGRESS IN ELECTROMAGNETICS RESEARCH M			English	Article								In the moment method solution of the integral equations for currents of a rectangular microstrip patch reflectarray, the Leontovich boundary condition is employed to determine the conductor loss. If the basis functions contain edge conditions that approach infinity, the moment matrix elements will have diverging integrals in the Galerkin technique. In this paper, we present a criterion to stop the evaluation of these integrals at a distance before the edge, thereby avoiding the divergence problem. The stopping distance derived here is found to work for a range of values of permittivity, loss tangent, and thickness of the substrate, polarization, angles of incidence of the plane wave source, and also for superstrates. Our computed results are in good agreement with measured results and those computed by HFSS.	[Rengarajan, Sembiam R.] Calif State Univ Northridge, Dept Elect & Comp Engn, Northridge, CA 91330 USA; [Hodges, Richard E.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Rengarajan, SR (corresponding author), Calif State Univ Northridge, Dept Elect & Comp Engn, Northridge, CA 91330 USA.	srengarajan@csun.edu	Hodges, Richard/W-2736-2019	Hodges, Richard/0000-0002-1132-0259				9	0	0	0	0	ELECTROMAGNETICS ACAD	CAMBRIDGE	77 MASSACHUSETTS AVE, RM 26-319, CAMBRIDGE, MA 02139 USA	1937-8726	1098-8963		PROG ELECTROMA RES M	Prog. Electromagn. Res. M		2018	75						159	166		10.2528/PIERM18072606			8	Engineering, Electrical & Electronic	Engineering	HD4TR	WOS:000452521600017		Bronze			2020-09-09	
J	Bosch, J; Armstrong, R; Bickerton, S; Furusawa, H; Ikeda, H; Koike, M; Lupton, R; Mineo, S; Price, P; Takata, T; Tanaka, M; Yasuda, N; Alsayyad, Y; Becker, AC; Coulton, W; Coupon, J; Garmilla, J; Huang, S; Krughoff, KS; Lang, D; Leauthaud, A; Lim, KT; Lust, NB; Macarthur, LA; Mandelbaum, R; Miyatake, H; Miyazaki, S; Murata, R; More, S; Okura, Y; Owen, R; Swinbank, JD; Strauss, MA; Yamada, Y; Yamanoi, H				Bosch, James; Armstrong, Robert; Bickerton, Steven; Furusawa, Hisanori; Ikeda, Hiroyuki; Koike, Michitaro; Lupton, Robert; Mineo, Sogo; Price, Paul; Takata, Tadafumi; Tanaka, Masayuki; Yasuda, Naoki; Alsayyad, Yusra; Becker, Andrew C.; Coulton, William; Coupon, Jean; Garmilla, Jose; Huang, Song; Krughoff, K. Simon; Lang, Dustin; Leauthaud, Alexie; Lim, Kian-Tat; Lust, Nate B.; Macarthur, Lauren A.; Mandelbaum, Rachel; Miyatake, Hironao; Miyazaki, Satoshi; Murata, Ryoma; More, Surhud; Okura, Yuki; Owen, Russell; Swinbank, John D.; Strauss, Michael A.; Yamada, Yoshihiko; Yamanoi, Hitomi			The Hyper Suprime-Cam software pipeline	PUBLICATIONS OF THE ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY OF JAPAN			English	Article						methods: data analysis; surveys; techniques: image processing	WEAK-LENSING SURVEYS; DIGITAL SKY SURVEY; PHOTOMETRY; CALIBRATION; SELECTION; IMAGES	In this paper, we describe the optical imaging data processing pipeline developed for the Subaru Telescope's Hyper Suprime-Cam (HSC) instrument. The HSC Pipeline builds on the prototype pipeline being developed by the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope's Data Management system, adding customizations for HSC, large-scale processing capabilities, and novel algorithms that have since been reincorporated into the LSST codebase. While designed primarily to reduce HSC Subaru Strategic Program (SSP) data, it is also the recommended pipeline for reducing general-observer HSC data. The HSC pipeline includes high-level processing steps that generate coadded images and science-ready catalogs as well as low-level detrending and image characterizations.	[Bosch, James; Armstrong, Robert; Lupton, Robert; Price, Paul; Alsayyad, Yusra; Garmilla, Jose; Lust, Nate B.; Macarthur, Lauren A.; Swinbank, John D.; Strauss, Michael A.] Princeton Univ, Dept Astrophys Sci, 4 Ivy Lane, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Bickerton, Steven] Orbital Insight, 100 W Evelyn Ave, Mountain View, CA 94041 USA; [Bickerton, Steven; Yasuda, Naoki; Huang, Song; Leauthaud, Alexie; Miyatake, Hironao; Murata, Ryoma; More, Surhud] Univ Tokyo, Kavli Inst Phys & Math Universe, WPI, 5-1-5 Kashiwa No Ha, Kashiwa, Chiba 2778582, Japan; [Furusawa, Hisanori; Ikeda, Hiroyuki; Koike, Michitaro; Mineo, Sogo; Takata, Tadafumi; Tanaka, Masayuki; Miyazaki, Satoshi; Yamada, Yoshihiko; Yamanoi, Hitomi] Natl Astron Observ Japan, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Takata, Tadafumi; Miyazaki, Satoshi] Grad Univ Adv Studies SOKENDAI, Sch Sci, Dept Astron, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Becker, Andrew C.; Krughoff, K. Simon; Owen, Russell] Univ Washington, Dept Astron, Box 351580 UW, Seattle, WA 98195 USA; [Coulton, William] Princeton Univ, Dept Phys, Jadwin Hall, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Coupon, Jean] Univ Geneva, Dept Astron, Ch Ecogia 16, CH-1290 Versoix, Switzerland; [Garmilla, Jose; Leauthaud, Alexie] Mass Dynam, One Palmer Sq,Suite 530, Princeton, NJ 08542 USA; [Huang, Song] Univ Calif Santa Cruz, Dept Astron & Astrophys, 1156 High St, Santa Cruz, CA 95064 USA; [Lang, Dustin] Univ Toronto, Dunlap Inst, 50 St George St, Toronto, ON M5S 3H4, Canada; [Lang, Dustin] Univ Toronto, Dept Astron & Astrophys, 50 St George St, Toronto, ON M5S 3H4, Canada; [Lim, Kian-Tat] SLAC Natl Accelerator Lab, 2575 Sand Hill Rd, Menlo Pk, CA 94025 USA; [Mandelbaum, Rachel] Carnegie Mellon Univ, Dept Phys, McWilliams Ctr Cosmol, 5000 Forbes Ave, Pittsburgh, PA 15213 USA; [Miyatake, Hironao] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 OakGrove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Murata, Ryoma] Univ Tokyo, Dept Phys, Bunkyo Ku, 7-3-1 Hongo, Tokyo 1130033, Japan; [Okura, Yuki] RIKEN High Energy Astrophys Lab, 2-1 Hirosawa, Wako, Saitama 3510198, Japan; [Okura, Yuki] Brookhaven Natl Lab, RIKEN BNL Res Ctr, Bldg 510A,20 Penn St, Upton, NY 11973 USA		jbosch@astro.princeton.edu	Mandelbaum, Rachel/N-8955-2014	Mandelbaum, Rachel/0000-0003-2271-1527; Takata, Tadafumi/0000-0002-6592-4250; Bosch, James/0000-0003-2759-5764; Huang, Song/0000-0003-1385-7591; Furusawa, Hisanori/0000-0002-6174-8165	FIRST program from Japanese Cabinet Office; Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT)Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT); Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS)Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of Science; Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST)Japan Science & Technology Agency (JST); Toray Science FoundationToray Industries, Inc.; NAOJ; Kavli IPMU; KEKHigh Energy Accelerator Research Organization (KEK); ASIAA; Princeton UniversityPrinceton University; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX08AR22G]; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1238877]; Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); Department of EnergyUnited States Department of Energy (DOE); Japan Society for Promotion of ScienceMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of Science [JP15K17600, JP16H01089]	The Hyper Suprime-Cam (HSC) collaboration includes the astronomical communities of Japan and Taiwan, and Princeton University. The HSC instrumentation and software were developed by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan (NAOJ), the Kavli Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe (Kavli IPMU), the University of Tokyo, the High Energy Accelerator Research Organization (KEK), the Academia Sinica Institute for Astronomy and Astrophysics in Taiwan (ASIAA), and Princeton University. Funding was contributed by the FIRST program from Japanese Cabinet Office, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT), the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS), Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST), the Toray Science Foundation, NAOJ, Kavli IPMU, KEK, ASIAA, and Princeton University.		47	126	126	0	9	OXFORD UNIV PRESS	OXFORD	GREAT CLARENDON ST, OXFORD OX2 6DP, ENGLAND	0004-6264	2053-051X		PUBL ASTRON SOC JPN	Publ. Astron. Soc. Jpn.	JAN	2018	70				1				S5	10.1093/pasj/psx080			40	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FV0GA	WOS:000424232800005			Y	N	2020-09-09	
J	Medezinski, E; Battaglia, N; Umetsu, K; Oguri, M; Miyatake, H; Nishizawa, AJ; Sifon, C; Spergel, DN; Chiu, IN; Lin, YT; Bahcall, N; Komiyama, Y				Medezinski, Elinor; Battaglia, Nicholas; Umetsu, Keiichi; Oguri, Masamune; Miyatake, Hironao; Nishizawa, Atsushi J.; Sifon, Cristobal; Spergel, David N.; Chiu, I-Non; Lin, Yen-Ting; Bahcall, Neta; Komiyama, Yutaka			Planck Sunyaev-Zel'dovich cluster mass calibration using Hyper Suprime-Cam weak lensing	PUBLICATIONS OF THE ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY OF JAPAN			English	Article						cosmology: observations; dark matter; galaxies: clusters: general; gravitational lensing: weak; large-scale structure of universe	GALAXY CLUSTERS; COSMOLOGICAL PARAMETERS; IMAGE-ANALYSIS; DATA RELEASE; PROGRAM; PROFILES; IMPACT; II.; SYSTEMATICS; EVOLUTION	Using similar to 140 deg(2) Subaru Hyper Suprime-Cam (HSC) survey data, we stack the weak lensing (WL) signal around five Planck clusters found within the footprint. This yields a 15 sigma detection of the mean Planck cluster mass density profile. The five Planck clusters span a relatively wide mass range, M-WL,M-500c = (2-30) x 10(14) M-circle dot with a mean mass of M-WL,M-500c = (4.15 +/- 0.61) x 10(14) M-circle dot. The ratio of the stacked Planck Sunyaev-Zel'dovich (SZ) mass to the stacked WL mass is < M-SZ > / < M-WL > = 1 - b = 0.80 +/- 0.14. This mass bias is consistent with previous WL mass calibrations of Planck clusters within the errors. We discuss the implications of our findings for the calibration of SZ cluster counts and the much discussed tension between Planck SZ cluster counts and Planck Lambda CDM cosmology.	[Medezinski, Elinor; Battaglia, Nicholas; Sifon, Cristobal; Spergel, David N.; Bahcall, Neta] Princeton Univ, Dept Astrophys Sci, 4 Ivy Ln, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Umetsu, Keiichi; Chiu, I-Non; Lin, Yen-Ting] Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, POB 23-141, Taipei 10617, Taiwan; [Oguri, Masamune; Miyatake, Hironao] Univ Tokyo, Tokyo Inst Adv Study, Kavli IPMU, WPI, 5-1-5 Kashiwa No Ha, Kashiwa, Chiba 2778582, Japan; [Oguri, Masamune] Univ Tokyo, Res Ctr Early Univ, Bunkyo Ku, 7-3-1 Hongo, Tokyo 1130033, Japan; [Oguri, Masamune] Univ Tokyo, Dept Phys, Bunkyo Ku, 7-3-1 Hongo, Tokyo 1130033, Japan; [Miyatake, Hironao] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Nishizawa, Atsushi J.] Nagoya Univ, Inst Adv Res, Chikusa Ku, Furo Cho, Nagoya, Aichi 4648602, Japan; [Spergel, David N.] Flatiron Inst, Ctr Computat Astrophys, 162 5th Ave, New York, NY 10010 USA; [Komiyama, Yutaka] Natl Astron Observ Japan, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Komiyama, Yutaka] Grad Univ Adv Studies, SOKENDAI, Sch Sci, Dept Astron, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan	Medezinski, E (corresponding author), Princeton Univ, Dept Astrophys Sci, 4 Ivy Ln, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA.	elinorm@astro.princeton.edu	Oguri, Masamune/C-6230-2011; Spergel, David N/A-4410-2011	Spergel, David N/0000-0002-5151-0006; Medezinski, Elinor/0000-0001-7007-2358; Komiyama, Yutaka/0000-0002-3852-6329; Umetsu, Keiichi/0000-0002-7196-4822	FIRST program from Japanese Cabinet Office; Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS)Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of Science; Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST)Japan Science & Technology Agency (JST); Toray Science FoundationToray Industries, Inc.; NAOJ; Kavli IPMU; KEKHigh Energy Accelerator Research Organization (KEK); ASIAA; Princeton UniversityPrinceton University; National Aeronautics and Space Administration through the Planetary Science Division of the NASA Science Mission Directorate [NNX08AR22G]; National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [AST-1238877]; Princeton Institute for Computational Science and Engineering; Princeton University Office of Information Technology's Research Computing department; Lyman Spitzer Jr. Fellowship; Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); World Premier International Research Center Initiative (WPI Initiative), MEXT, JapanMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT); JSPS KAKENHIMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of ScienceGrants-in-Aid for Scientific Research (KAKENHI) [26800093, 15H05892]; Ministry of Science and Technology of TaiwanMinistry of Science and Technology, Taiwan [MOST 103-2112-M-001-030-MY3]; Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT)Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)	EM acknowledges fruitful discussions with Andy Goulding and Peter Melchior. The Hyper Suprime-Cam (HSC) collaboration includes the astronomical communities of Japan and Taiwan, and Princeton University. The HSC instrumentation and software were developed by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan (NAOJ), the Kavli Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe (Kavli IPMU), the University of Tokyo, the High Energy Accelerator Research Organization (KEK), the Academia Sinica Institute for Astronomy and Astrophysics in Taiwan (ASIAA), and Princeton University. Funding was contributed by the FIRST program from Japanese Cabinet Office, the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT), the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS), Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST), the Toray Science Foundation, NAOJ, Kavli IPMU, KEK, ASIAA, and Princeton University. This paper makes use of software developed for the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope. We thank the LSST Project for making their code available as free software at <http://dm.lsst.org>. The Pan-STARRS1 Surveys (PS1) have been made possible through contributions of the Institute for Astronomy, the University of Hawaii, the Pan-STARRS Project Office, the Max-Planck Society and its participating institutes, the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy, Heidelberg and the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics, Garching, The Johns Hopkins University, Durham University, the University of Edinburgh, Queen?s University Belfast, the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, the Las Cumbres Observatory Global Telescope Network Incorporated, the National Central University of Taiwan, the Space Telescope Science Institute, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration under Grant No. NNX08AR22G issued through the Planetary Science Division of the NASA Science Mission Directorate, the National Science Foundation under Grant No. AST-1238877, the University of Maryland, and Eotvos Lorand University (ELTE) and the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Based (in part) on data collected at the Subaru Telescope and retrieved from the HSC data archive system, which is operated by Subaru Telescope and Astronomy Data Center at National Astronomical Observatory of Japan. This paper makes use of packages available in Python's open scientific ecosystem, including NumPy (van der Walt et al. 2011), SciPy,<SUP>3</SUP> matplotlib (Hunter 2007), IPython (Perez & Granger 2007), AstroPy (Astropy Collaboration et al. 2013), and cluster-lensing. <SUP>4</SUP> The work reported on in this paper was substantially performed at the TIGRESS high-performance computer center at Princeton University which is jointly supported by the Princeton Institute for Computational Science and Engineering and the Princeton University Office of Information Technology's Research Computing department. NB acknowledges the support from the Lyman Spitzer Jr. Fellowship. HM is supported by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. This work was supported in part by World Premier International Research Center Initiative (WPI Initiative), MEXT, Japan, and JSPS KAKENHI Grant Number 26800093 and 15H05892. KU acknowledges support from the Ministry of Science and Technology of Taiwan through the grant MOST 103-2112-M-001-030-MY3.		95	16	16	0	2	OXFORD UNIV PRESS	OXFORD	GREAT CLARENDON ST, OXFORD OX2 6DP, ENGLAND	0004-6264	2053-051X		PUBL ASTRON SOC JPN	Publ. Astron. Soc. Jpn.	JAN	2018	70				1				S28	10.1093/pasj/psx128			13	Astronomy & Astrophysics	Astronomy & Astrophysics	FV0GA	WOS:000424232800028		Bronze			2020-09-09	
J	Kolassa, J; Reichle, RH; Liu, Q; Alemohammad, SH; Gentine, P; Aida, K; Asanuma, J; Bircher, S; Caldwell, T; Colliander, A; Cosh, M; Collins, CH; Jackson, TJ; Martinez-Fernandez, J; McNairn, H; Pacheco, A; Thibeault, M; Walker, JP				Kolassa, J.; Reichle, R. H.; Liu, Q.; Alemohammad, S. H.; Gentine, P.; Aida, K.; Asanuma, J.; Bircher, S.; Caldwell, T.; Colliander, A.; Cosh, M.; Collins, C. Holifield; Jackson, T. J.; Martinez-Fernandez, J.; McNairn, H.; Pacheco, A.; Thibeault, M.; Walker, J. P.			Estimating surface soil moisture from SMAP observations using a Neural Network technique	REMOTE SENSING OF ENVIRONMENT			English	Article						Soil moisture remote sensing; SMAP; Data assimilation; Microwave radiometer	CATCHMENT-BASED APPROACH; RETRIEVAL; MICROWAVE; SMOS; ASSIMILATION; VALIDATION; MODEL; PRECIPITATION; INFILTRATION; METHODOLOGY	A Neural Network (NN) algorithm was developed to estimate global surface soil moisture for April 2015 to March 2017 with a 2-3 day repeat frequency using passive microwave observations from the Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) satellite, surface soil temperatures from the NASA Goddard Earth Observing System Model version 5 (GEOS-5) land modeling system, and Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer-based vegetation water content. The NN was trained on GEOS-5 soil moisture target data, making the NN estimates consistent with the GEOS-5 climatology, such that they may ultimately be assimilated into this model without further bias correction. Evaluated against in situ soil moisture measurements, the average unbiased root mean square error (ubRMSE), correlation and anomaly correlation of the NN retrievals were 0.037 m(3)m(-3), 0.70 and 0.66, respectively, against SMAP core validation site measurements and 0.026 m(3)m(-3), 0.58 and 0.48, respectively, against International Soil Moisture Network (ISMN) measurements. At the core validation sites, the NN retrievals have a significantly higher skill than the GEOS-5 model estimates and a slightly lower correlation skill than the SMAP Level-2 Passive (L2P) product. The feasibility of the NN method was reflected by a lower ubRMSE compared to the L2P retrievals as well as a higher skill when ancillary parameters in physically-based retrievals were uncertain. Against ISMN measurements, the skill of the two retrieval products was more comparable. A triple collocation analysis against Advanced Microwave Scanning Radiometer 2 (AMSR2) and Advanced Scatterometer (ASCAT) soil moisture retrievals showed that the NN and L2P retrieval errors have a similar spatial distribution, but the NN retrieval errors are generally lower in densely vegetated regions and transition zones.	[Kolassa, J.] Univ Space Res Assoc, NPP, Columbia, MD 21046 USA; [Kolassa, J.; Reichle, R. H.; Liu, Q.] NASA Goddard Spaceflight Ctr, Global Modelling & Assimilat Off, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Liu, Q.] Sci Syst & Applicat Inc, Lanham, MD USA; [Alemohammad, S. H.] Columbia Univ, New York, NY USA; [Aida, K.; Asanuma, J.] Univ Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan; [Colliander, A.] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Cosh, M.] USDA ARS, Hydrol & Remote Sensing Lab, Beltsville, MD USA; [Martinez-Fernandez, J.] Univ Salamanca, Inst Hispano Luso Invest Agrarias CIALE, Salamanca, Spain; [McNairn, H.; Pacheco, A.] Agr & Agri Food Canada, Ottawa, ON, Canada; [Thibeault, M.] Comis Nacl Actividades Espaci CONAE, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Walker, J. P.] Monash Univ, Dept Civil Engn, Clayton, Vic, Australia; [Bircher, S.] Univ Toulouse III, CNRS, IRD, CESBIO CNES,Ctr Etudes Spatiales BIOsphere, Toulouse, France; [Caldwell, T.] Univ Texas Austin, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Collins, C. Holifield] USDA ARS, Southwest Watershed Res Ctr, Tucson, AZ USA	Kolassa, J (corresponding author), Univ Space Res Assoc, NPP, Columbia, MD 21046 USA.; Kolassa, J (corresponding author), NASA Goddard Spaceflight Ctr, Global Modelling & Assimilat Off, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA.	jana.kolassa@nasa.gov	Alemohammad, Hamed/F-1292-2014; Asanuma, J/A-2877-2008; Reichle, Rolf H/E-1419-2012; Colliander, Andreas/M-9864-2018; Martinez-Fernandez, Jose/B-3877-2012; Caldwell, Todd G./H-5129-2011	Alemohammad, Hamed/0000-0001-5662-3643; Asanuma, J/0000-0003-1258-5491; Reichle, Rolf H/0000-0001-5513-0150; Colliander, Andreas/0000-0003-4093-8119; Martinez-Fernandez, Jose/0000-0003-0446-9693; Caldwell, Todd G./0000-0003-4068-0648; Walker, Jeffrey/0000-0002-4817-2712; Kolassa, Jana/0000-0001-6644-8789	NASA Postdoctoral ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); NASA Soil Moisture Active Passive mission; Environment and Climate Change Canada; Canadian Space AgencyCanadian Space Agency;  [NNX15AB30G]	J. Kolassa was supported by the NASA Postdoctoral Program, administered by Universities Space Research Association under contract with NASA. Additional funding was provided by the NASA Soil Moisture Active Passive mission. P. Gentine was supported by grant NNX15AB30G. Computational resources for this study were provided by the NASA High-End Computing (HEC) Program through the NASA Center for Climate Simulation (NCCS) at the Goddard Space Flight Center. We thank Aaron Berg, Tracy Rowlandson and Erica Tetlock for providing soil moisture measurements from the Kenaston network, which is funded by Environment and Climate Change Canada and the Canadian Space Agency. We also thank Mark Seyfried and Rogier van der Velde for providing soil moisture measurements from the Reynolds Creek and Twente networks, respectively.		78	19	21	12	57	ELSEVIER SCIENCE INC	NEW YORK	STE 800, 230 PARK AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10169 USA	0034-4257	1879-0704		REMOTE SENS ENVIRON	Remote Sens. Environ.	JAN	2018	204						43	59		10.1016/j.rse.2017.10.045			17	Environmental Sciences; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Environmental Sciences & Ecology; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	FQ6HK	WOS:000418464400004	29290638	Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Kohler, P; Guanter, L; Kobayashi, H; Walther, S; Yang, W				Koehler, Philipp; Guanter, Luis; Kobayashi, Hideki; Walther, Sophia; Yang, Wei			Assessing the potential of sun-induced fluorescence and the canopy scattering coefficient to track large-scale vegetation dynamics in Amazon forests	REMOTE SENSING OF ENVIRONMENT			English	Article						GOME-2; OCO-2; Sun-induced chlorophyll fluorescence; Concept of canopy spectral invariants; Canopy scattering coefficient; Directional area scattering factor; Amazon forest dynamics	TERRESTRIAL CHLOROPHYLL FLUORESCENCE; SPECTRAL INVARIANTS; PHOTOSYNTHETIC SEASONALITY; SENTINEL-5 PRECURSOR; RADIATIVE-TRANSFER; TRANSFER MODEL; RETRIEVAL; LEAF; SIMULATION; ATMOSPHERE	Two new remote sensing vegetation parameters derived from spaceborne spectrometers and simulated with a three dimensional radiative transfer model have been evaluated in terms of their prospects and drawbacks for the monitoring of dense vegetation canopies: (i) sun-induced chlorophyll fluorescence (SIF), a unique signal emitted by photosynthetically active vegetation and (ii) the canopy scattering coefficient (CSC), a vegetation parameter derived along with the directional area scattering factor (DASF) and expected to be particularly sensitive to leaf optical properties. Here, we present the first global data set of DASF/CSC and examine the potential of CSC and SIF for providing complementary information on the controversially discussed vegetation seasonality in Amazon forests. A comparison between near-infrared SIF derived from the Global Ozone Monitoring Experiment-2 (GOME-2) instrument and the Orbiting Carbon Observatory-2 (000-2) (overpass time in the morning and noon, respectively) reveals the response of SIF to instantaneous photosynthetically active radiation (PAR). Large-scale seasonal swings of GOME-2 SIF amount up to 21% (regarding the annual maximum) and peak in October and around February, while 000-2 SIF peaks in February. However, both time series agree very well if SIF is normalized by overpass time and wavelength. We further examine anistropic reflectance characteristics with the finding that the hot spot effect significantly impacts observed GOME-2 SIF values. On the contrary, our sensitivity analysis suggests that CSC is highly independent of sun-sensor geometry as well as atmospheric effects. The slight annual variability of CSC (3%) shows no clear seasonal cycle, while a relatively high spatial standard deviation points to a high degree of spatial heterogeneity in our study domain within the central Amazon Basin.	[Koehler, Philipp; Guanter, Luis; Walther, Sophia] German Res Ctr Geosci GFZ, Remote Sensing Sect, Potsdam, Germany; [Koehler, Philipp] CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Kobayashi, Hideki] Japan Agcy Marine Earth Sci & Technol JAMSTEC, Dept Environm Geochem Cycle Res, Yokosuka, Kanagawa, Japan; [Yang, Wei] Chiba Univ, Ctr Environm Remote Sensing, Chiba 2638522, Japan	Kohler, P (corresponding author), German Res Ctr Geosci GFZ, Remote Sensing Sect, Potsdam, Germany.; Kohler, P (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Geol & Planetary Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Guanter, Luis/Y-3676-2019; Guanter, Luis/I-1588-2015; Kobayashi, Hideki/A-9616-2010; Yang, Wei/M-6620-2015; Kohler, Philipp/AAV-1936-2020	Guanter, Luis/0000-0002-8389-5764; Guanter, Luis/0000-0002-8389-5764; Kobayashi, Hideki/0000-0001-9319-0621; Yang, Wei/0000-0003-3342-7679; Kohler, Philipp/0000-0002-7820-1318; Walther, Sophia/0000-0003-1681-9304	Emmy Noether Programme of the German Research FoundationGerman Research Foundation (DFG) [GU 1276/1-1]; EARTH SCIENCE U.S. PARTICIPATING INVESTIGATOR [NNX15AH95G]	The research was funded by the Emmy Noether Programme of the German Research Foundation (GU 1276/1-1). Parts of this work were funded by the EARTH SCIENCE U.S. PARTICIPATING INVESTIGATOR (Grant Number: NNX15AH95G). Thanks to EUMETSAT to make the GOME-2 data available. The OCO-2 SIF data was produced by the OCO-2 project at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology, and obtained from the OCO-2 data archive maintained at the NASA Goddard Earth Science Data and Information Services Center. With thanks to Alexa Oliphant and Troy S. Magney for their thoughtful linguistic revision of the manuscript.		63	31	32	3	59	ELSEVIER SCIENCE INC	NEW YORK	STE 800, 230 PARK AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10169 USA	0034-4257	1879-0704		REMOTE SENS ENVIRON	Remote Sens. Environ.	JAN	2018	204						769	785		10.1016/j.rse.2017.09.025			17	Environmental Sciences; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Environmental Sciences & Ecology; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	FQ6HK	WOS:000418464400056					2020-09-09	
J	Thompson, DR; Boardman, JW; Eastwood, ML; Green, RO; Haag, JM; Mouroulis, P; Van Gorp, B				Thompson, David R.; Boardman, Joseph W.; Eastwood, Michael L.; Green, Robert O.; Haag, Justin M.; Mouroulis, Pantazis; Van Gorp, Byron			Imaging spectrometer stray spectral response: In-flight characterization, correction, and validation	REMOTE SENSING OF ENVIRONMENT			English	Article						Imaging spectroscopy; Calibration; Atmospheric correction; Remote sensing	SATELLITE SIGNAL; SOLAR SPECTRUM; SPECTROSCOPY; CALIBRATION; EARTH; RADIOMETRY; METHANE; AVIRIS; APEX	We present a new method for more accurate in-flight calibration and correction of imaging spectrometer spectral response functions. Non-Gaussian tails of spectral response functions can be difficult to characterize in the laboratory, and calibration can shift during deployment. Consequently, in-flight techniques are useful for validating and updating laboratory measurements. Our approach exploits predictable changes in the shape of the oxygen A band across varying surface elevation, with diverse scene content providing numerical leverage to characterize spectral response tails 3-4 orders of magnitude below the peak. We present a correction to recover the nominal response function, and show case studies based on NASA's Next Generation Airborne Visible Infrared Imaging Spectrometer (AVIRIS-NG). Corrected radiances are better conditioned for downstream analysis by sensitive atmospheric codes. We evaluate accuracy using multiple independent standards: simulation studies; consistency with laboratory measurements; elimination of a surface pressure retrieval bias; better alignment of retrieved reflectance with ground reference data; and statistics of over 250 flightlines from a campaign across the Indian Subcontinent showing consistent improvements in atmospheric correction.	[Thompson, David R.; Eastwood, Michael L.; Green, Robert O.; Haag, Justin M.; Mouroulis, Pantazis; Van Gorp, Byron] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Boardman, Joseph W.] Analyt Imaging & Geophys Inc, Boulder, CO USA	Thompson, DR (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	david.r.thompson@ipl.nasa.gov		Thompson, David/0000-0003-1100-7550	NASA Earth Science Directorate	We thank Sven Geier, Mark Helmlinger, and the AVIRIS-NG instrument team for their assistance in calibration and operations. We also thank the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) and the Indian organizers of the joint NASA/ISRO campaign, including Dr. Bimal Bhattacharya, Sada Siva Rao and Manish Saxena. We acknowledge the support of the NASA Earth Science Directorate. A portion of this research took place at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, California Institute of Technology. Copyright 2017 California Institute of Technology. All Rights Reserved.		41	17	17	0	5	ELSEVIER SCIENCE INC	NEW YORK	360 PARK AVE SOUTH, NEW YORK, NY 10010-1710 USA	0034-4257	1879-0704		REMOTE SENS ENVIRON	Remote Sens. Environ.	JAN	2018	204						850	860		10.1016/j.rse.2017.09.015			11	Environmental Sciences; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Environmental Sciences & Ecology; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	FQ6HK	WOS:000418464400062					2020-09-09	
J	Chan, SK; Bindlish, R; O'Neill, P; Jackson, T; Njoku, E; Dunbar, S; Chaubell, J; Piepmeier, J; Yueh, S; Entekhabi, D; Colliander, A; Chen, F; Cosh, MH; Caldwell, T; Walker, J; Berg, A; McNairn, H; Thibeault, M; Martinez-Fernandez, J; Uldall, F; Seyfried, M; Bosch, D; Starks, P; Collins, CH; Prueger, J; van der Velde, R; Asanuma, J; Palecki, M; Small, EE; Zreda, M; Calvet, J; Crow, WT; Kerr, Y				Chan, S. K.; Bindlish, R.; O'Neill, P.; Jackson, T.; Njoku, E.; Dunbar, S.; Chaubell, J.; Piepmeier, J.; Yueh, S.; Entekhabi, D.; Colliander, A.; Chen, F.; Cosh, M. H.; Caldwell, T.; Walker, J.; Berg, A.; McNairn, H.; Thibeault, M.; Martinez-Fernandez, J.; Uldall, F.; Seyfried, M.; Bosch, D.; Starks, P.; Collins, C. Holifield; Prueger, J.; van der Velde, R.; Asanuma, J.; Palecki, M.; Small, E. E.; Zreda, M.; Calvet, J.; Crow, W. T.; Kerr, Y.			Development and assessment of the SMAP enhanced passive soil moisture product	REMOTE SENSING OF ENVIRONMENT			English	Article						SMAP; Enhanced; Soil moisture; Passive; Retrieval; Validation; Assessment	L-BAND; RADIOMETER DATA; PERFORMANCE; RETRIEVALS; VALIDATION	Launched in January 2015, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Soil Moisture Active Passive (SMAP) observatory was designed to provide frequent global mapping of high-resolution soil moisture and freeze-thaw state every two to three days using a radar and a radiometer operating at L-band frequencies. Despite a hardware mishap that rendered the radar inoperable shortly after launch, the radiometer continues to operate nominally, returning more than two years of science data that have helped to improve existing hydrological applications and foster new ones. Beginning in late 2016 the SMAP project launched a suite of new data products with the objective of recovering some high-resolution observation capability loss resulting from the radar malfunction. Among these new data products are the SMAP Enhanced Passive Soil Moisture Product that was released in December 2016, followed by the SMAP/Sentinel-1 Active-Passive Soil Moisture Product in April 2017. This article covers the development and assessment of the SMAP Level 2 Enhanced Passive Soil Moisture Product (L2_SM_P_E). The product distinguishes itself from the current SMAP Level 2 Passive Soil Moisture Product (L2_SM_P) in that the soil moisture retrieval is posted on a 9 km grid instead of a 36 km grid. This is made possible by first applying the Backus-Gilbert optimal interpolation technique to the antenna temperature (T-A) data in the original SMAP Level 1B Brightness Temperature Product to take advantage of the overlapped radiometer footprints on orbit. The resulting interpolated TA data then go through various correction/calibration procedures to become the SMAP Level 1C Enhanced Brightness Temperature Product (L1C_TB_E). The L1C_TB_E product, posted on a 9 km grid, is then used as the primary input to the current operational SMAP baseline soil moisture retrieval algorithm to produce L2_SM_P_E as the final output. Images of the new product reveal enhanced visual features that are not apparent in the standard product. Based on in situ data from core validation sites and sparse networks representing different seasons and biomes all over the world, comparisons between L2_SM_P_E and in situ data were performed for the duration of April 1, 2015-October 30, 2016. It was found that the performance of the enhanced 9 km L2_SM_P_E is equivalent to that of the standard 36 km L2_SM_P, attaining a retrieval uncertainty below 0.040 m(3)/m(3) unbiased root-mean-square error (ubRMSE) and a correlation coefficient above 0.800. This assessment also affirmed that the Single Channel Algorithm using the V-polarized T-B channel (SCA-V) delivered the best retrieval performance among the various algorithms implemented for L2_SM_P_E, a result similar to a previous assessment for L2_SM_P.	[Chan, S. K.; Njoku, E.; Dunbar, S.; Chaubell, J.; Yueh, S.; Colliander, A.] CALTECH, NASA Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Bindlish, R.; O'Neill, P.; Piepmeier, J.] NASA Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Jackson, T.; Cosh, M. H.; Crow, W. T.] USDA ARS, Hydrol & Remote Sensing Lab, Beltsville, MD 20705 USA; [Chen, F.] Sci Syst & Applicat Inc, Lanham, MD 20706 USA; [Entekhabi, D.] MIT, 77 Massachusetts Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA; [Caldwell, T.] Univ Texas, Austin, TX 78713 USA; [Walker, J.] Monash Univ, Clayton, Vic 3800, Australia; [Berg, A.] Univ Guelph, Guelph, ON N1G 2W1, Canada; [McNairn, H.] Agr & Agri Food Canada, Ottawa, ON K1A 0C6, Canada; [Thibeault, M.] Comis Nacl Actividades Espaci CONAE, Buenos Aires, DF, Argentina; [Martinez-Fernandez, J.] Univ Salamanca, Inst Hispano Luso Invest Agrarias CIALE, Salamanca 37185, Spain; [Uldall, F.] Tech Univ Denmark, Ctr Hydrol, Copenhagen, Denmark; [Seyfried, M.] USDA ARS, Northwest Watershed Res Ctr, Boise, ID 83712 USA; [Bosch, D.] USDA ARS, Southeast Watershed Res Ctr, Tifton, GA 31793 USA; [Starks, P.] USDA ARS, Grazinglands Res Lab, El Reno, OK 73036 USA; [Collins, C. Holifield] USDA ARS, Southwest Watershed Res Ctr, Tucson, AZ 85719 USA; [Prueger, J.] USDA ARS, Natl Lab Agr & Environment;, Ames, IA 50011 USA; [van der Velde, R.] Univ Twente, Enschede, Netherlands; [Asanuma, J.] Univ Tsukuba, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, Japan; [Palecki, M.] NOAA Natl Climat Data Ctr, Asheville, NC 28801 USA; [Small, E. E.] Univ Colorado, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Zreda, M.] Univ Arizona, Tucson, AZ 85751 USA; [Calvet, J.] CNRS, UMR 3589, CNRM GAME, Toulouse, France; [Kerr, Y.] CESBIO CNES, Toulouse, France	Chan, SK (corresponding author), CALTECH, NASA Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	steven.k.chan@jpl.nasa.gov	Martinez-Fernandez, Jose/B-3877-2012; Bosch, Delphine/AAB-3805-2020; Asanuma, J/A-2877-2008; Chan, Steven Tsz K./AAJ-2573-2020; Kerr, Yann/Z-2432-2019; O'Neill, Peggy/D-2904-2013; Colliander, Andreas/M-9864-2018; Caldwell, Todd G./H-5129-2011	Martinez-Fernandez, Jose/0000-0003-0446-9693; Asanuma, J/0000-0003-1258-5491; Chan, Steven Tsz K./0000-0001-6731-0079; O'Neill, Peggy/0000-0002-2596-8670; Colliander, Andreas/0000-0003-4093-8119; Caldwell, Todd G./0000-0003-4068-0648; Walker, Jeffrey/0000-0002-4817-2712; Bindlish, Rajat/0000-0002-1913-0353; Crow, Wade/0000-0002-8217-261X; Uldall, Frederik/0000-0002-4072-7648; Berg, Aaron/0000-0001-8438-5662				38	94	94	15	69	ELSEVIER SCIENCE INC	NEW YORK	360 PARK AVE SOUTH, NEW YORK, NY 10010-1710 USA	0034-4257	1879-0704		REMOTE SENS ENVIRON	Remote Sens. Environ.	JAN	2018	204						931	941		10.1016/j.rse.2017.08.025			11	Environmental Sciences; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Environmental Sciences & Ecology; Remote Sensing; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	FQ6HK	WOS:000418464400068			Y	N	2020-09-09	
J	Abdelsalam, SI; Bhatti, MM				Abdelsalam, Sara I.; Bhatti, M. M.			The study of non-Newtonian nanofluid with hall and ion slip effects on peristaltically induced motion in a non-uniform channel	RSC ADVANCES			English	Article							INDUCED MAGNETIC-FIELD; WATER NANOFLUID; JEFFREY FLUID; FLOW; TRANSPORT; MODEL	In this study, we considered the unsteady peristaltic motion of a non-Newtonian nanofluid under the influence of a magnetic field and Hall currents. The simultaneous effects of ion slip and chemical reaction were also taken into consideration. The flow problem was suggested on the basis of the continuity, thermal energy, linear momentum, and nanoparticle concentration, which were further reduced with the help of Ohm's law. Mathematical modelling was executed using the lubrication approach. The resulting highly nonlinear partial differential equations were solved semi-analytically using the homotopy perturbation technique. The impacts of all the pertinent parameters were investigated mathematically and graphically. Numerical calculations have been used to calculate the expressions for the pressure increase and friction forces along the whole length of the channel. The results depict that for a relatively large value of the Brownian parameter, the chemical reaction has a dual behaviour on the concentration profile. Moreover, there is a critical point of the magnetic parameter at which the behaviours of the pressure increase and friction forces are reversed for progressive values of the power law index. The present investigation provides a theoretical model that estimates the impact of a wide range of parameters on the characteristics of blood-like fluid flows.	[Abdelsalam, Sara I.] British Univ Egypt, Fac Engn, Basic Sci, Cairo 11837, Egypt; [Abdelsalam, Sara I.] CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Bhatti, M. M.] Shanghai Univ, Shanghai Inst Appl Math & Mech, Shanghai 200072, Peoples R China	Abdelsalam, SI (corresponding author), British Univ Egypt, Fac Engn, Basic Sci, Cairo 11837, Egypt.; Abdelsalam, SI (corresponding author), CALTECH, Div Chem & Chem Engn, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	sara.abdelsalam@bue.edu.eg	Bhatti, M. M./S-7274-2016; Abdelsalam, Sara I./L-8130-2017; Bhatti, Muhammad Mubashir/S-7274-2016	Bhatti, M. M./0000-0002-3219-7579; Abdelsalam, Sara I./0000-0002-6434-8319; Bhatti, Muhammad Mubashir/0000-0002-3339-8524	Binational Fulbright Commission in Egypt; Council for International Exchange of Scholars in the USA	Sara I. Abdelsalam thanks the Binational Fulbright Commission in Egypt and the Council for International Exchange of Scholars in the USA for the honor of the Fulbright Egyptian Scholar Award for the year 2015-2016. Sara I. Abdelsalam is also grateful to Professor John Brady, Division of Chemistry and Chemical Engineering at Caltech, for his support during the period from July to September, 2016.		41	51	51	0	2	ROYAL SOC CHEMISTRY	CAMBRIDGE	THOMAS GRAHAM HOUSE, SCIENCE PARK, MILTON RD, CAMBRIDGE CB4 0WF, CAMBS, ENGLAND	2046-2069			RSC ADV	RSC Adv.		2018	8	15					7904	7915		10.1039/c7ra13188g			12	Chemistry, Multidisciplinary	Chemistry	FZ3PR	WOS:000427502300002		DOAJ Gold, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
J	Bui, TQ; Bjork, BJ; Changala, PB; Nguyen, TL; Stanton, JF; Okumura, M; Ye, J				Bui, Thinh Q.; Bjork, Bryce J.; Changala, P. Bryan; Nguyen, Thanh L.; Stanton, John F.; Okumura, Mitchio; Ye, Jun			Direct measurements of DOCO isomers in the kinetics of OD	SCIENCE ADVANCES			English	Article							HIGH-PRESSURE RANGE; PLUS CO; BIMOLECULAR REACTIONS; RATE CONSTANTS; REACTION-RATES; OH; SPECTROSCOPY; DEPENDENCE; RADICALS; TEMPERATURE	Quantitative andmechanistically detailed kinetics of the reaction of hydroxyl radical (OH) with carbonmonoxide (CO) have been a longstanding goal of contemporary chemical kinetics. This fundamental prototype reaction plays an important role in atmospheric and combustion chemistry, motivating studies for accurate determination of the reaction rate coefficient and its pressure and temperature dependence at thermal reaction conditions. This intricate dependence can be traced directly to details of the underlying dynamics (formation, isomerization, and dissociation) involving the reactive intermediates cis-andtrans-HOCO, which can only be observed transiently. Using time-resolved frequency comb spectroscopy, comprehensive mechanistic elucidation of the kinetics of the isotopic analog deuteroxyl radical (OD) with CO has been realized. By monitoring the concentrations of reactants, intermediates, and products in real time, the branching and isomerization kinetics and absolute yields of all species in the OD + CO reaction are quantified as a function of pressure and collision partner.	[Bui, Thinh Q.; Bjork, Bryce J.; Changala, P. Bryan; Ye, Jun] NIST, JILA, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Bui, Thinh Q.; Bjork, Bryce J.; Changala, P. Bryan; Ye, Jun] Univ Colorado, Dept Phys, Boulder, CO 80309 USA; [Nguyen, Thanh L.; Stanton, John F.] Univ Florida, Dept Chem, Gainesville, FL 32611 USA; [Okumura, Mitchio] CALTECH, Arthur Amos Noyes Lab Chem Phys, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Bjork, Bryce J.] Honeywell Int, 303 Technol Court, Broomfield, CO 80021 USA	Bui, TQ; Ye, J (corresponding author), NIST, JILA, Boulder, CO 80309 USA.; Bui, TQ; Ye, J (corresponding author), Univ Colorado, Dept Phys, Boulder, CO 80309 USA.	thbu8553@jila.colorado.edu; ye@jila.colorado.edu	ye, jun/C-3312-2011; Nguyen, Thanh Lam/I-5438-2013; Okumura, Mitchio/I-3326-2013	ye, jun/0000-0003-0076-2112; Nguyen, Thanh Lam/0000-0002-7794-9439; Okumura, Mitchio/0000-0001-6874-1137; Bui, Thinh/0000-0001-6090-0930	Air Force Office of Scientific ResearchUnited States Department of DefenseAir Force Office of Scientific Research (AFOSR) [FA9550-15-1-0111 P00002]; Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Spectral Combs from UV to THz; National Institute of Standards and TechnologyNational Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST) - USA; NSF JILA Physics Frontier CenterNational Science Foundation (NSF) [NSF PHY-1734006]; U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Basic Energy SciencesUnited States Department of Energy (DOE) [DE-FG02-07ER15884]; NSFNational Science Foundation (NSF) [CHE-1413712]; NASA's Upper Atmosphere Research ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); National Research Council Research Associate Fellowship; NSF Graduate Research Fellowships Program	We acknowledge the financial support from the Air Force Office of Scientific Research (FA9550-15-1-0111 P00002), Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Spectral Combs from UV to THz, National Institute of Standards and Technology, and NSF JILA Physics Frontier Center (NSF PHY-1734006). J.F.S. and T.L.N. acknowledge the financial support from the U.S. Department of Energy, Office of Basic Energy Sciences, under award number DE-FG02-07ER15884. M.O. acknowledges the support of the NSF (grant CHE-1413712) and NASA's Upper Atmosphere Research Program. T.Q.B. is supported by the National Research Council Research Associate Fellowship, and P.B.C. is supported by the NSF Graduate Research Fellowships Program.		38	11	11	0	16	AMER ASSOC ADVANCEMENT SCIENCE	WASHINGTON	1200 NEW YORK AVE, NW, WASHINGTON, DC 20005 USA	2375-2548			SCI ADV	Sci. Adv.	JAN	2018	4	1							eaao4777	10.1126/sciadv.aao4777			8	Multidisciplinary Sciences	Science & Technology - Other Topics	FY3CF	WOS:000426694200041	29349298	DOAJ Gold, Green Published, Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Lambrigtsen, B; Teixeira, J; Pagano, T; Fetzer, E; Yue, Q		Neeck, SP; Martimort, P; Kimura, T		Lambrigtsen, Bjorn; Teixeira, Joao; Pagano, Thomas; Fetzer, Eric; Yue, Qing			Sounding Science at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory	SENSORS, SYSTEMS, AND NEXT-GENERATION SATELLITES XXII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Sensors, Systems, and Next-Generation Satellites XXII	SEP 10-12, 2018	Berlin, GERMANY	SPIE		Sounding science; atmospheric sounding; infrared; microwave; validation	TEMPERATURE; CLOUD; AIRS/AMSU/HSB; RETRIEVAL	The Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) is best known for planetary exploration but is also heavily involved in Earth science and has in recent years become one of the premier centers for atmospheric science related to infrared and microwave satellite sounders such as the Atmospheric Infrared Sounder (AIRS), the Advanced Microwave Sounding Unit (AMSU) and the Advanced Technology Microwave Sounder (ATMS), as well as aircraft based microwave sounders such as the High Altitude MMIC Sounding Radiometer (HAMSR) and the development of future sounders such as an infrared CubeSat system (CIRAS) and a geostationary microwave sounder (GeoSTAR). We give a brief overview of these sensors and focus on the development and assessment of sounder data products, which include vertical profiles of temperature and water vapor, cloud and surface parameters, and in the case of infrared sounders also trace gas estimates and for microwave sounders precipitation as well. The baseline AIRS data product "retrieval system" was developed by the AIRS science team and has been undergoing continuous maintenance and upgrade in close collaboration with the sounder team at JPL. To support that process, the JPL team has developed a broad range of assessment tools and techniques, which can be applied to data from other sounders as well and can range from simple "sanity check" analysis to thorough "validation" analysis. An example of the less complex testing is the preliminary assessment of products generated by new retrieval systems operating on data from the Cross-track Infrared Sounder (CrIS) and the Advanced Technology Microwave Sounder (ATMS) flying on the Suomi NPP and JPSS satellites. These retrieval systems are developed by individual investigators funded by NASA research grants and are delivered to a Sounder "Science Investigator Processing System" (SIPS) located at JPL for integration, testing and delivery to a NASA data processing center and eventual release to the public, but only limited resources are available to the SIPS for the assessment, which therefore must be relatively superficial. An example of thorough assessment is the quantification of the impact on AIRS products of the failure of the AMSU-A2 microwave sounder 2 years ago. The baseline AIRS retrieval system used initially data from the companion microwave sounders, the Humidity Sounder for Brazil (HSB), AMSU-Al and AMSU-A2, to provide a "first guess" and support "cloud clearing". As these instruments suddenly failed (HSB) or gradually deteriorated (AMSU), some effort was devoted to develop a version that did not depend on microwave data. It was considered somewhat inferior to the baseline system and was kept in reserve and therefore not fully assessed. When AMSU-A2 failed, this AIRS-only system became the primary version, and a substantial effort was undertaken to fully assess its performance. We discuss details of that assessment. These capabilities have resulted from substantial investments NASA has made over the years in support of AIRS and can now be applied to next-generation systems as well.	[Lambrigtsen, Bjorn; Teixeira, Joao; Pagano, Thomas; Fetzer, Eric; Yue, Qing] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Lambrigtsen, B (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	bjorn.h.lambrigtsen@jpl.nasa.gov						24	0	0	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2154-1	PROC SPIE			2018	10785								UNSP 1078506	10.1117/12.2500288			12	Engineering, Aerospace; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5SF	WOS:000452638500002					2020-09-09	
S	Wallace, JK; Miller, CE; Zareh, SK; Beregovski, Y; Rud, M; Bartos, R; McGuire, JP; Pagano, TS; Wilson, DW; Brooks, CB; Jaffe, DT; Wong, A; Keymeulen, D; Sullivan, P; Liggett, E; Bernas, M; Mainzer, A; Eldering, A; Fu, DJ		Neeck, SP; Martimort, P; Kimura, T		Wallace, J. Kent; Miller, Charles E.; Zareh, Shannon Kian; Beregovski, Yuri; Rud, Mayer; Bartos, Randall; McGuire, James P.; Pagano, Thomas S.; Wilson, Daniel W.; Brooks, Cynthia B.; Jaffe, Daniel T.; Wong, Andre; Keymeulen, Didier; Sullivan, Peter; Liggett, Elliott; Bernas, Michael; Mainzer, Amy; Eldering, Annmarie; Fu, Dejian			CARBO - The Carbon Observatory Instrument Suite - the next generation of Earth observing instruments for global monitoring of carbon gases	SENSORS, SYSTEMS, AND NEXT-GENERATION SATELLITES XXII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Sensors, Systems, and Next-Generation Satellites XXII	SEP 10-12, 2018	Berlin, GERMANY	SPIE		satellite remote sensing; Carbon Dioxide (CO2); Methane (CH4); Carbon Monoxide (CO); earth-observing	SENTINEL-5 PRECURSOR; SCIAMACHY; RETRIEVAL; CH4; TROPOMI; MISSION; CO2	The Carbon Observatory Instrument Suite, or CARBO, consists of four carbon observing instruments sharing a common instrument bus, yet targeted for a particular wavelength band each with a unique science observation. They are: a) Instrument 1, wavelength centered at 756 nm for oxygen and solar-induced chlorophyll fluorescence (SIF) observations, b) Instrument 2, centered at 1629 nm, for carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane (CH4) observation, c) Instrument 3, centered at 2062 nm for carbon dioxide and d) Instrument 4, centered at 2328 for carbon monoxide (CO) and methane. From low-Earth orbit, these instruments have a field-of-view of 10 to 15 degrees, and a spatial resolution of 2 km square. These instruments have a spectral resolving power ranging from ten to twenty thousand, and can monitor column-average dry air mole fraction of carbon dioxide (XCO2) at 1.5 ppm, and methane (XCH4) at 7 ppb. These new instruments will advance the use of immersion grating technology in spectrometer instruments in order to reduce the size of the instrument, while improving performance. These compact, capable instruments are envisioned to be compatible with small satellites, yet modular to be configured to address the particular science questions at hand Here we report on the current status of the instrument design and fabrication, focusing primarily on Instruments 1 and 2. We will describe the key science and engineering requirements and the instrument performance error budget. We will discuss the optical design with particular emphasis on the immersion grating, and the advantages this new technology affords compared to previous instruments. We will also discuss the status of the focal plane array and the detector electronics and housing. Finally, we report on a new approach - developed during this instrument design process - which enables simultaneous measurement of both orthogonal polarization states (S and P) over the field-of-view and optical bandpass. We believe this polarization sensing capability will enable science observations which were previously limited by instrumental and observational degeneracies. In particular: improved sensitivity to all species, better sensitivity to surface polarization effects, better constraints on aerosol scattering parameters, and superior discrimination of the vertical distribution of gases and aerosols.	[Wallace, J. Kent; Miller, Charles E.; Zareh, Shannon Kian; Beregovski, Yuri; Rud, Mayer; Bartos, Randall; McGuire, James P.; Pagano, Thomas S.; Wilson, Daniel W.; Wong, Andre; Keymeulen, Didier; Sullivan, Peter; Liggett, Elliott; Bernas, Michael; Mainzer, Amy; Eldering, Annmarie; Fu, Dejian] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Brooks, Cynthia B.; Jaffe, Daniel T.] Univ Texas Austin, Dept Astron, 2515 Speedway, Austin, TX 78712 USA; [Brooks, Cynthia B.; Jaffe, Daniel T.] Univ Texas Austin, McDonald Observ, 2515 Speedway, Austin, TX 78712 USA	Wallace, JK (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.	james.k.wallace@jpl.nasa.gov	Fu, Dejian/C-3001-2019; Wallace, James/AAA-5741-2020	Fu, Dejian/0000-0001-5205-0059; 				15	2	2	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2154-1	PROC SPIE			2018	10785								UNSP 107850U	10.1117/12.2513286			13	Engineering, Aerospace; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5SF	WOS:000452638500015					2020-09-09	
S	Yueh, S; Shah, R; Xu, XL; Elder, K; Margulis, S; Liston, G; Durand, M; Derksen, C; Elston, J		Neeck, SP; Martimort, P; Kimura, T		Yueh, Simon; Shah, Rashmi; Xu, Xiaolan; Elder, Kelly; Margulis, Steve; Liston, Glen; Durand, Michael; Derksen, Chris; Elston, Jack			UAS-Based P-Band Signals of Opportunity for Remote Sensing of Snow and Root Zone Soil Moisture	SENSORS, SYSTEMS, AND NEXT-GENERATION SATELLITES XXII	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Sensors, Systems, and Next-Generation Satellites XXII	SEP 10-12, 2018	Berlin, GERMANY	SPIE		microwave remote sensing; snow; soil moisture	WATER EQUIVALENT; MODEL	We have developed the P-band Signals of Opportunity (SoOp) sensor based on the Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) to remotely sense Snow Water Equivalent (SWE) and Root Zone Soil Moisture (RZSM). The P-band UAS SoOp sensor for Hydrology (UASHydro) would operate on the S2 aircraft developed by Black Swift Technologies for sensing of SWE and RZSM with a spatial resolution of about 10m. Root-zone soil moisture and snow water storage in land are critical parameters of the water cycle. The long-term goal of our development would be to use small UAS to perform regional high resolution observation of two key hydrological measurements to improve the estimation of terrestrial water storage for water management, crop production and forecasts of natural hazard The UASHydro concept utilizes passive receivers to detect the reflection of strong existing P-band radio signals at the 360-380 MHz band from geostationary Mobile Use Objective System (MUOS) communication satellites launched by the US Navy. The SWE remote sensing measurement principle using the P-band SoOp is based on the propagation delay (or phase change) of radio signals through the snowpack. The time delay of the reflected signal due to the snowpack with respect to snow-free conditions is directly proportional to the snowpack SWE, while the soil moisture can be retrieved from the reflectivity at the P-band frequencies for MUOS. We have been conducting ground-based campaigns to test the instrumentation and data processing methods at the Fraser Experimental Forest in Colorado since February 2016. The field campaign data has provided support to the measurement concept. To install the SoOp technologies on the UAS, a lightweight antenna has been built and interfaces with the S2 built by Black Swift Technologies have been completed. A set of flights have been planned starting April 2018 through the end of 2018 in Colorado.	[Yueh, Simon; Shah, Rashmi; Xu, Xiaolan] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Elder, Kelly] US Forest Serv, USDA, Ft Collins, CO USA; [Margulis, Steve] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Los Angeles, CA USA; [Liston, Glen] Colorado State Univ, Ft Collins, CO 80523 USA; [Durand, Michael] Ohio State Univ, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Derksen, Chris] Environm & Climate Change Canada, Gatineau, PQ, Canada; [Elston, Jack] Black Swift Technol, Boulder, CO USA	Yueh, S (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.		Derksen, Chris/S-9828-2017	Derksen, Chris/0000-0001-6821-5479				22	1	1	0	5	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2154-1	PROC SPIE			2018	10785								UNSP 107850B	10.1117/12.2325819			8	Engineering, Aerospace; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	Engineering; Remote Sensing; Optics; Imaging Science & Photographic Technology	BL5SF	WOS:000452638500005					2020-09-09	
J	Charpentier, CJ; O'Doherty, JP				Charpentier, Caroline J.; O'Doherty, John P.			The application of computational models to social neuroscience: promises and pitfalls	SOCIAL NEUROSCIENCE			English	Article						Computational modeling; fMRI; social learning; social decision-making	ANTERIOR CINGULATE CORTEX; MEDIAL PREFRONTAL CORTEX; DECISION-MAKING; NEURAL MECHANISMS; PREDICTION ERRORS; COLLECTIVE DECISION; REWARD; BRAIN; REINFORCEMENT; IMITATION	Interactions with conspecifics are key to any social species. In order to navigate this social world, it is crucial for individuals to learn from and about others. From learning new skills by observing parents perform them tomaking complex collective decisions, understanding the mechanisms underlying social cognitive processes has been of considerable interest to psychologists and neuroscientists. Here, we review studies that have used computational modelling techniques, combined with neuroimaging, to shed light on how people learn and make decisions in social contexts. As opposed to standard social neuroscience methods, the computational approach allows one to directly examine where in the brain particular computations, as estimated by models of behavior, are implemented. Findings suggest that people use several strategies tolearn from others: vicarious reward learning, where one learns from observing the reward outcomes of another agent; action imitation, which relies on encoding a prediction error between the expected and actual actions of the other agent; and social inference, where one learns by inferring the goals and intentions of others. These computations are implemented indistinct neural networks, which may be recruited adaptively depending on task demands, the environment and other social factors.	[Charpentier, Caroline J.; O'Doherty, John P.] CALTECH, Div Humanities & Social Sci, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Charpentier, CJ (corresponding author), CALTECH, MC 228-77,1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	ccharpen@caltech.edu	O'Doherty, John P/F-1204-2013		National Institute of Mental Health [Caltech Conte Center for Social Decision Making]	This work was supported by the National Institute of Mental Health [Caltech Conte Center for Social Decision Making].		82	5	5	2	17	ROUTLEDGE JOURNALS, TAYLOR & FRANCIS LTD	ABINGDON	2-4 PARK SQUARE, MILTON PARK, ABINGDON OX14 4RN, OXON, ENGLAND	1747-0919	1747-0927		SOC NEUROSCI-UK	Soc. Neurosci.		2018	13	6					637	647		10.1080/17470919.2018.1518834			11	Neurosciences; Psychology	Neurosciences & Neurology; Psychology	GV4FS	WOS:000446054000001	30173633	Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Berriman, GB; Gond, JC		Guzman, JC; Ibsen, J		Berriman, G. Bruce; Gond, John C.			Sustaining the Montage Image Mosaic Engine Since 2002	SOFTWARE AND CYBERINFRASTRUCTURE FOR ASTRONOMY V	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Software and Cyberinfrastructure for Astronomy V	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		image processing; software toolkits; software engineering; software sustainability; image mosaics; astronomy imaging		This paper describes how we have sustained the Montage image mosaic engine (http://montage.ipac.caltech.edu ) first released in 2002, to support the ever-growing scale and complexity of modern data sets. The key to its longevity has been its design as a toolkit written in ANSI-C, with each tool performing one distinct task, for easy integration into scripts, pipelines and workflows. The same code base now supports Windows, JavaScript and Python by taking advantage of recent advances in compilers. The design has led to applicability of Montage far beyond what was anticipated when Montage was first built, such as supporting observation planning for the JWST. Moreover, Montage is highly scalable and is in wide use within the IT community to develop advanced, fault-tolerant cyber-infrastructure, such as job schedulers for grids, workflow orchestration, and restructuring techniques for processing complex workflows and pipelines.	[Berriman, G. Bruce; Gond, John C.] Caltech, IPAC NExScI, 1201 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Berriman, GB (corresponding author), Caltech, IPAC NExScI, 1201 East Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.			Berriman, Bruce/0000-0001-8388-534X	National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF) [ACI-1440620, ACI-1642453]; NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NCC 5-626]; California Institute of Technology [NCC 5-626]	Montage is funded by the National Science Foundation under grant numbers ACI-1440620 and ACI-1642453, and was previously funded by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Earth Science Technology Office, Computation Technologies project, under cooperative agreement number NCC 5-626 between NASA and the California Institute of Technology. We wish to thank our colleagues for participating in the development of Montage: Tom Prince, Daniel S. Katz, Joe Jacob, Anastasia Laity, Roy Williams, Marcy Harbut, Attila Bergou, Angela Lerias, Ewa Deelman, Gideon Juve, and Mats Rynge.		21	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1968-5	PROC SPIE			2018	10707								UNSP 1070707	10.1117/12.2307514			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Computer Science, Software Engineering; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Computer Science; Optics	BL5TN	WOS:000452669100004		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Chapin, EL; Dunn, J; Andersen, D; Herriot, G; Kerley, D; Nakamoto, T; Johnson, J; Wang, LQ; Trancho, G; Chisholm, E; Ellerbroek, B; Gillies, K; Hayano, Y; Larkin, J; Simard, L; Sirota, M; Suzuki, R; Weber, B; Wright, S; Zhang, K		Guzman, JC; Ibsen, J		Chapin, Edward L.; Dunn, Jennifer; Andersen, David; Herriot, Glen; Kerley, Dan; Nakamoto, Takashi; Johnson, Jimmy; Wang, Lianqi; Trancho, Gelys; Chisholm, Eric; Ellerbroek, Brent; Gillies, Kim; Hayano, Yutaka; Larkin, James; Simard, Luc; Sirota, Mark; Suzuki, Ryuji; Weber, Bob; Wright, Shelley; Zhang, Kai			The Infrared Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) for TMT: closed-loop adaptive optics while dithering	SOFTWARE AND CYBERINFRASTRUCTURE FOR ASTRONOMY V	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Software and Cyberinfrastructure for Astronomy V	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		coordinated motion control; real-time control; adaptive optics; wavefront sensors; TMT; IRIS; NFIRAOS		The InfraRed Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) is the first-light client instrument for the Narrow Field Infrared Adaptive Optics System (NFIRAOS) on the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT). IRIS includes three natural guide star (NGS) On-Instrument Wavefront Sensors (OIWFS) to measure tip/tilt and focus errors in the instrument focal plane. NFIRAOS also has an internal natural guide star wavefront sensor, and IRIS and NFIRAOS must precisely coordinate the motions of their wavefront sensor positioners to track the locations of NGSs while the telescope is dithering (offsetting the telescope to cover more area), to avoid a costly re-acquisition time penalty. First, we present an overview of the sequencing strategy for all of the involved subsystems. We then predict the motion of the telescope during dithers based on finite-element models provided by TMT, and finally analyze latency and jitter issues affecting the propagation of position demands from the telescope control system to individual motor controllers.	[Chapin, Edward L.; Dunn, Jennifer; Andersen, David; Herriot, Glen; Kerley, Dan; Johnson, Jimmy; Ellerbroek, Brent; Simard, Luc] Natl Res Council Herzberg, 5071 W Saanich Rd, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada; [Nakamoto, Takashi; Hayano, Yutaka; Suzuki, Ryuji] Natl Astron Observ Japan, 2-21-1 Osawa, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Wang, Lianqi; Trancho, Gelys; Chisholm, Eric; Gillies, Kim; Sirota, Mark] Thirty Meter Telescope Int Observ, 100 W Walnut St,300, Pasadena, CA 91124 USA; [Larkin, James] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Dept Phys & Astron, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Weber, Bob] Caltech Opt Observ, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Wright, Shelley] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Zhang, Kai] Natl Astron Observ China, Nanjing Inst Astron Opt & Technol, Nanjing, Jiangsu, Peoples R China	Chapin, EL (corresponding author), Natl Res Council Herzberg, 5071 W Saanich Rd, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada.	ed.chapin@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca		Nakamoto, Takashi/0000-0001-5550-9726	California Institute of Technology; University of CaliforniaUniversity of California System; National Astronomical Observatory of JapanNational Institutes of Natural Sciences (NINS) - Japan; National Astronomical Observatories of China; Department of Science and Technology of IndiaDepartment of Science & Technology (India); National Research Council of Canada; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Canada Foundation for InnovationCanada Foundation for Innovation; Ontario Ministry of Research and InnovationMinistry of Research and Innovation, Ontario; Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of CanadaNatural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada; British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund; Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA); Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA); U.S. National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); National Institutes of Natural Sciences of Japan; Department of Atomic Energy of India	The TMT Project gratefully acknowledges the support of the TMT collaborating institutions. They are the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan, the National Astronomical Observatories of China and their consortium partners, the Department of Science and Technology of India and their supported institutes, and the National Research Council of Canada. This work was supported as well by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, the Canada Foundation for Innovation, the Ontario Ministry of Research and Innovation, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund, the Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA), the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA), the U.S. National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Natural Sciences of Japan, and the Department of Atomic Energy of India.		3	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1968-5	PROC SPIE			2018	10707								UNSP 107071E	10.1117/12.2312804			21	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Computer Science, Software Engineering; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Computer Science; Optics	BL5TN	WOS:000452669100036		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Walth, GL; Wright, SA; Rundquist, NE; Andersen, D; Chapin, E; Chisholm, E; Do, T; Dunn, J; Ellerbroek, B; Gillies, K; Hayan, Y; Johnson, C; Larkin, J; Nakamoto, T; Riddle, R; Simard, L; Smith, R; Suzuki, R; Sohn, JM; Weber, R; Weiss, J; Zhang, K		Guzman, JC; Ibsen, J		Walth, Gregory L.; Wright, Shelley A.; Rundquist, Nils-Erik; Andersen, David; Chapin, Edward; Chisholm, Eric; Do, Tuan; Dunn, Jennifer; Ellerbroek, Brent; Gillies, Kim; Hayan, Yutaka; Johnson, Chris; Larkin, James; Nakamoto, Takashi; Riddle, Reed; Simard, Luc; Smith, Roger; Suzuki, Ryuji; Sohn, Ji Man; Weber, Robert; Weiss, Jason; Zhang, Kai			The Infrared Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) for TMT: advancing the data reduction system	SOFTWARE AND CYBERINFRASTRUCTURE FOR ASTRONOMY V	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Software and Cyberinfrastructure for Astronomy V	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		integral field spectroscopy; data reduction pipeline		Infrared Imaging Spectrograph (IRIS) is the first light instrument for the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) that consists of a near-infrared (0.84 to 2.4 micron) imager and integral field spectrograph (IFS) which operates at the diffraction-limit utilizing the Narrow-Field Infrared Adaptive Optics System (NFIRAOS). The imager will have a 34 arcsec x 34 arcsec field of view with 4 milliarcsecond (mas) pixels. The IFS consists of a lenslet array and slicer, enabling four plate scales from 4 mas to 50 mas, multiple gratings and filters, which in turn will operate hundreds of individual modes. IRIS, operating in concert with NFIRAOS will pose many challenges for the data reduction system (DRS). Here we present the updated design of the real-time and post-processing DRS. The DRS will support two modes of operation of IRIS: (1) writing the raw readouts sent from the detectors and performing the sampling on all of the readouts for a given exposure to create a raw science frame; and (2) reduction of data from the imager, lenslet array and slicer IFS. IRIS is planning to save the raw readouts for a given exposure to enable sophisticated processing capabilities to the end users, such as the ability to remove individual poor seeing readouts to improve signal-to-noise, or from advanced knowledge of the point spread function (PSF). The readout processor (ROP) is a key part of the IRIS DRS design for writing and sampling of the raw readouts into a raw science frame, which will be passed to the TMT data archive. We discuss the use of sub-arrays on the imager detectors for saturation/persistence mitigation, on-detector guide windows, and fast readout science cases (< 1 second).	[Walth, Gregory L.; Wright, Shelley A.; Rundquist, Nils-Erik] Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92039 USA; [Wright, Shelley A.; Rundquist, Nils-Erik] Univ Calif San Diego, Dept Phys, La Jolla, CA 92039 USA; [Andersen, David; Chapin, Edward; Dunn, Jennifer; Simard, Luc] Natl Res Council Canada Herzberg, Victoria, BC V9E 2E7, Canada; [Chisholm, Eric; Ellerbroek, Brent; Gillies, Kim; Weiss, Jason] Thirty Meter Telescope Observ Corp, Pasadena, CA 91105 USA; [Do, Tuan; Johnson, Chris; Larkin, James; Sohn, Ji Man] Univ Calif Los Angeles, Phys & Astron Dept, Los Angeles, CA 90095 USA; [Hayan, Yutaka; Nakamoto, Takashi; Suzuki, Ryuji] Natl Astron Observ Japan, Mitaka, Tokyo 1818588, Japan; [Riddle, Reed; Smith, Roger; Weber, Robert] Caltech Opt Observ, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Zhang, Kai] Chinese Acad Sci, Natl Astron Observ, Nanjing Inst Astron Opt & Technol, Nanjing 210042, Jiangsu, Peoples R China	Walth, GL (corresponding author), Univ Calif San Diego, Ctr Astrophys & Space Sci, La Jolla, CA 92039 USA.	gwalth@ucsd.edu		Walth, Gregory/0000-0002-6313-6808	TMT collaborating institutions; California Institute of Technology; University of CaliforniaUniversity of California System; National Astronomical Observatory of JapanNational Institutes of Natural Sciences (NINS) - Japan; National Astronomical Observatories of China; Department of Science and Technology of IndiaDepartment of Science & Technology (India); National Research Council of Canada; Gordon and Betty Moore FoundationGordon and Betty Moore Foundation; Canada Foundation for InnovationCanada Foundation for Innovation; Ontario Ministry of Research and InnovationMinistry of Research and Innovation, Ontario; Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of CanadaNatural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada; British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund; Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA); Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA); U.S. National Science FoundationNational Science Foundation (NSF); National Institutes of Natural Sciences of Japan; Department of Atomic Energy of India	The TMT Project gratefully acknowledges the support of the TMT collaborating institutions. They are the California Institute of Technology, the University of California, the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan, the National Astronomical Observatories of China and their consortium partners, the Department of Science and Technology of India and their supported institutes, and the National Research Council of Canada. This work was supported as well by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation, the Canada Foundation for Innovation, the Ontario Ministry of Research and Innovation, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, the British Columbia Knowledge Development Fund, the Association of Canadian Universities for Research in Astronomy (ACURA), the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA), the U.S. National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Natural Sciences of Japan, and the Department of Atomic Energy of India.		11	1	1	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1968-5	PROC SPIE			2018	10707								UNSP 1070731	10.1117/12.2314228			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Computer Science, Software Engineering; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Computer Science; Optics	BL5TN	WOS:000452669100084		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Yan, CH; Wen, CY; Karr, J; Wang, SY; Gross, J; Aghazarian, H; Tamura, N; Shimono, A; Loomis, CP; Lupton, RH		Guzman, JC; Ibsen, J		Yan, Chi-Hung; Wen, Chih-Yi; Karr, Jennifer; Wang, Shiang-Yu; Gross, Johannes; Aghazarian, Hrand; Tamura, Naoyuki; Shimono, Atsushi; Loomis, Craig P.; Lupton, Robert H.			Software development of fiber positioning sequencer for prime focus spectrograph of Subaru telescope	SOFTWARE AND CYBERINFRASTRUCTURE FOR ASTRONOMY V	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Software and Cyberinfrastructure for Astronomy V	JUN 10-13, 2018	Austin, TX	SPIE, 4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment, Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel, Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst, Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope		Prime Focus Spectrograph; software; centroid; Subaru Telescope		The Prime Focus Spectrograph (PFS) is a new optical/near-infrared multi-fiber spectrograph designed for the prime focus of the 8.2m Subaru telescope. PFS will cover a 1.3-degree diameter field with 2394 fibers to complement the imaging capability of Hyper SuprimeCam (HSC). The Fiber Positioning System (FPS) is an automated system that controls the sequences for the operation of the PFS subsystems to achieve accurate positioning of the science fibers for astronomical observations. FPS will be operated continuously for 14 hours a night and accomplish the fiber positioning sequence every 15 minutes. The success rate of each alignment should be 95% or more and FPS should finish the fiber alignment procedure in 105 seconds. A fast centroid algorithm is implemented for measuring 2349 fiber spots within 1 second. In this report, the latest status of the development of FPS system will be given, including the system performance and closed-loop simulations.	[Yan, Chi-Hung; Wen, Chih-Yi; Karr, Jennifer; Wang, Shiang-Yu; Gross, Johannes; Aghazarian, Hrand] Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, POB 23-141, Taipei, Taiwan; CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Tamura, Naoyuki; Shimono, Atsushi] Univ Tokyo, cKavli Inst Phys & Math Universe, Kashiwa, Chiba 2778583, Japan; [Loomis, Craig P.; Lupton, Robert H.] Princeton Univ, Dept Astrophys Sci, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA	Yan, CH (corresponding author), Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, POB 23-141, Taipei, Taiwan.	chyan@asiaa.sinica.edu.tw						4	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1968-5	PROC SPIE			2018	10707								UNSP 1070728	10.1117/12.2312348			7	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Computer Science, Software Engineering; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Computer Science; Optics	BL5TN	WOS:000452669100062					2020-09-09	
S	Harvey, JE; Irvin, RG; Crabtree, K; Pfisterer, RN; Breckinridge, JB		Lystrup, M; MacEwen, HA; Fazio, GG		Harvey, James E.; Irvin, Ryan G.; Crabtree, Karlton; Pfisterer, Richard N.; Breckinridge, James B.			Diffraction Analysis of Large Segmented Mirror Concepts for Exoplanet Exploration	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: OPTICAL, INFRARED, AND MILLIMETER WAVE	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope, SPIE		Exoplanet exploration; Large segmented mirrors; Pinwheel pupil; Diffraction effects		Diffraction effects of large segmented mirror gaps and secondary mirror support struts produce diffraction peaks or flares that are a detriment to exoplanet detection. In this paper we present detailed parametric diffraction analyses of an innovative "Pinwheel Pupil" segmented mirror concept utilizing curved segment gaps and secondary support struts that can potentially eliminate these diffraction flares that can obscure a faint exoplanet image. The resulting numerical diffraction performance predictions are quantitatively compared to that of both ideal monolithic circular pupils and classical annular pupils with straight secondary mirror struts. We utilize performance-based merit functions consisting of both radial and azimuthal profiles of the resulting telescope point spread function.	[Harvey, James E.; Irvin, Ryan G.; Crabtree, Karlton; Pfisterer, Richard N.] Photon Engn LLC, 310 S Williams Blvd,Suite 222, Tucson, AZ 85711 USA; [Breckinridge, James B.] Breckinridge Associates LLC, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Breckinridge, James B.] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA	Harvey, JE (corresponding author), Photon Engn LLC, 310 S Williams Blvd,Suite 222, Tucson, AZ 85711 USA.							9	1	1	1	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1950-0	PROC SPIE			2018	10698								106981Q	10.1117/12.2313999			12	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL4UZ	WOS:000450864600046		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Korngut, PM; Bock, JJ; Akeson, R; Ashby, M; Bleem, L; Boland, J; Bolton, D; Bradford, S; Braun, D; Bryan, S; Capak, P; Chang, TC; Coffey, A; Cooray, A; Crill, B; Dore, O; Eifler, T; Feng, C; Habib, S; Heitmann, K; Hemmati, S; Hirata, C; Jeong, WS; Kim, M; Kirkpatrick, JD; Kowalkowski, T; Krause, E; Lisse, C; Mauskopf, P; Masters, D; McGuire, J; Melnick, G; Nguyen, H; Nayyeri, H; Oberg, K; dePutter, R; Purcell, W; Rocca, J; Runyan, M; Sandstrom, K; Smith, R; Song, YS; Stickley, N; Stober, J; Susca, S; Teplitz, H; Tolls, V; Unwin, S; Werner, M; Windhorst, R; Zemcov, M		Lystrup, M; MacEwen, HA; Fazio, GG		Korngut, Phillip M.; Bock, James J.; Akeson, Rachel; Ashby, Matthew; Bleem, Lindsey; Boland, Justin; Bolton, Douglas; Bradford, Samuel; Braun, David; Bryan, Sean; Capak, Peter; Chang, Tzu-Ching; Coffey, Andrew; Cooray, Asantha; Crill, Brendan; Dore, Olivier; Eifler, Tim; Feng, Chang; Habib, Salman; Heitmann, Katrin; Hemmati, Shoubaneh; Hirata, Christopher; Jeong, Woong-Seob; Kim, Minjin; Kirkpatrick, J. Davy; Kowalkowski, Theresa; Krause, Elisabeth; Lisse, Carey; Mauskopf, Philip; Masters, Daniel; McGuire, James; Melnick, Gary; Hien Nguyen; Nayyeri, Hooshang; Oberg, Karin; dePutter, Roland; Purcell, William; Rocca, Jennifer; Runyan, Marcus; Sandstrom, Karin; Smith, Roger; Song, Yong-Seon; Stickley, Nathaniel; Stober, Jeremy; Susca, Sara; Teplitz, Harry; Tolls, Volker; Unwin, Stephen; Werner, Michael; Windhorst, Rogier; Zemcov, Michael			SPHEREx: an all-sky NIR spectral survey	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: OPTICAL, INFRARED, AND MILLIMETER WAVE	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope, SPIE		All Sky survey; linear variable filters; near infrared; cosmology; biogenic ices; extragalactic back-ground light		SPHEREx, a mission in NASA's Medium Explorer (MIDEX) program recently selected for Phase-A implementation, is an all-sky survey satellite that will produce a near-infrared spectrum for every 6 arcsecond pixel on the sky. SPHEREx has a simple, high-heritage design with large optical throughput to maximize spectral mapping speed. While the legacy data products will provide a rich archive of spectra for the entire astronomical community to mine, the instrument is optimized for three specific scientific goals: to probe inflation through the imprint primordial non-Gaussianity left on today's large-scale cosmological structure; to survey the Galactic plane for water and other biogenic ices through absorption line studies; and to constrain the history of galaxy formation through power spectra of background fluctuations as measured in deep regions near the ecliptic poles. The aluminum telescope consists of a heavily baffled, wide-field off-axis reflective triplet design. The focal plane is imaged simultaneously by two mosaics of H2RG detector arrays separated by a dichroic beamsplitter. SPHEREx assembles spectra through the use of mass and volume efficient linear variable filters (LVFs) included in the focal plane assemblies, eliminating the need for any dispersive or moving elements. Instead, spectra are constructed through a series of small steps in the spacecraft attitude across the sky, modulating the location of an object within the FOV and varying the observation wavelength in each exposure. The spectra will cover the wavelength range between 0.75 and 5.0 mu m at spectral resolutions ranging between R=35 and R=130. The entire telescope is cooled passively by a series of three V-groove radiators below 80K. An additional stage of radiative cooling is included to reduce the long wavelength focal plane temperature below 60K, controlling the dark current. As a whole, SPHEREx requires no new technologies and carries large technical and resource margins on every aspect of the design.	[Korngut, Phillip M.; Bock, James J.; Capak, Peter; Dore, Olivier; dePutter, Roland; Smith, Roger] CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Akeson, Rachel; Hemmati, Shoubaneh; Kirkpatrick, J. Davy; Stickley, Nathaniel; Teplitz, Harry] CALTECH, IPAC, 770 S Wilson Ave, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Ashby, Matthew; Melnick, Gary; Oberg, Karin; Tolls, Volker] Harvard Smithsonian CfA, 60 Garden St, Cambridge, MA 02138 USA; [Bleem, Lindsey; Habib, Salman; Heitmann, Katrin; Hirata, Christopher] Argonne Natl Lab, High Energy Phys Div, 9700 S Cass Ave, Argonne, IL 60439 USA; [Bock, James J.; Boland, Justin; Bolton, Douglas; Bradford, Samuel; Braun, David; Chang, Tzu-Ching; Coffey, Andrew; Crill, Brendan; Dore, Olivier; Eifler, Tim; Kowalkowski, Theresa; Krause, Elisabeth; Masters, Daniel; McGuire, James; Hien Nguyen; Rocca, Jennifer; Runyan, Marcus; Susca, Sara; Unwin, Stephen; Werner, Michael; Zemcov, Michael] Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Cooray, Asantha; Feng, Chang; Nayyeri, Hooshang] Univ Calif Irvine, 4186 Frederick Reines Hall, Irvine, CA 92697 USA; Ohio State Univ, Dept Astron, 140 W 18th Ave, Columbus, OH 43210 USA; [Jeong, Woong-Seob; Kim, Minjin; Song, Yong-Seon] Korea Astron & Space Sci Inst, Daejeon 34055, South Korea; [Lisse, Carey] SES SRE, JHU APL, Bldg 200-E206,11100 Johns Hopkins Rd, Laurel, MD 20723 USA; [Purcell, William; Stober, Jeremy] Ball Aerosp Corp, 1600 Commerce St, Boulder, CO 80301 USA; [Sandstrom, Karin] Univ Calif San Diego, 9500 Gilman Dr, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Bryan, Sean; Mauskopf, Philip; Windhorst, Rogier] Arizona State Univ, Dept Phys, POB 871504, Tempe, AZ 85287 USA; [Zemcov, Michael] Rochester Inst Technol, Coll Sci, 74 Lomb Mem Dr, Rochester, NY 14623 USA	Korngut, PM (corresponding author), CALTECH, 1200 E Calif Blvd, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	pkorngut@caltech.edu	Kim, Minjin/AAU-9910-2020; Capak, Peter/AAK-4282-2020; Lisse, Carey M/B-7772-2016	Capak, Peter/0000-0003-3578-6843; Lisse, Carey M/0000-0002-9548-1526; Akeson, Rachel/0000-0001-9674-1564; Teplitz, Harry/0000-0002-7064-5424; Unwin, Stephen/0000-0001-6733-322X; Tolls, Volker/0000-0003-1841-2241				10	3	3	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1950-0	PROC SPIE			2018	10698								106981U	10.1117/12.2312860			11	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL4UZ	WOS:000450864600050		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Nguyen, CH; Stewart, B; Bang, SC; Bock, JJ; Cooray, A; Danbayashi, K; DeSantiago, A; Hristov, V; Kojima, T; Korngut, P; Kruse, K; Lanz, A; Lee, DH; Liu, LJ; Loewenthal, J; Mason, P; Matsumoto, T; Matsuura, S; Ohta, R; Pape, C; Park, WK; Patru, D; Parkus, J; Peryer, M; Sano, K; Takahashi, A; Takimoto, K; Tsumura, K; Wada, T; Wang, SY; Yamada, Y; Zemcov, M		Lystrup, M; MacEwen, HA; Fazio, GG		Nguyen, Chi H.; Stewart, Benjamin; Bang, Seung-Cheol; Bock, James J.; Cooray, Asantha; Danbayashi, Kenta; DeSantiago, Ambar; Hristov, Viktor; Kojima, Tomoya; Korngut, Phillip; Kruse, Kevin; Lanz, Alicia; Lee, Dae-Hee; Liu, Lunjun; Loewenthal, Jared; Mason, Peter; Matsumoto, Toshio; Matsuura, Shuji; Ohta, Ryo; Pape, Christian; Park, Won-Kee; Patru, Dorin; Parkus, James; Peryer, Mark; Sano, Kei; Takahashi, Aoi; Takimoto, Kohji; Tsumura, Kohji; Wada, Takehiko; Wang, Shiang-Yu; Yamada, Yasuhiro; Zemcov, Michael			Integration and Instrument Characterization of the Cosmic Infrared Background ExpeRiment 2 (CIBER-2)	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: OPTICAL, INFRARED, AND MILLIMETER WAVE	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope, SPIE		Cosmology; Extragalactic astronomy; Rockets; Telescopes; Infrared background; Cryogenic infrared detectors; Cryogenic star trackers; Intensity mapping	FLUCTUATIONS; ORIGIN; LIGHT	The extragalactic background light (EBL) is the integrated emission from all objects outside of the Milky Way galaxy. Imprinted by the history of stellar emission, the EBL in the near infrared traces light back to the birth of the first stars in the Universe and can allow tight constraints on structure formation models. Recent studies using data from the Spitzer Space Telescope and the first Cosmic Infrared Background ExpeRiment (CIBER-1) find that there are excess fluctuations in the EBL on large scales which have been attributed to either high redshift galaxies and quasars, or to stars that were stripped from their host galaxies during merging events. To help disentangle these two models, multi-wavelength data can be used to trace their distinctive spectral features. Following the success of CIBER-1, CIBER-2 is designed to identify the sources of the EBL excess fluctuations using data in six wavebands covering the optical and near infrared. The experiment consists of a cryogenic payload and is scheduled to launch four times on a recoverable sounding rocket. CIBER-2 has a 28.5 cm telescope coupled with an optics system to obtain wide-field images in six broad spectral bands between 0.5 and 2.5 mu m simultaneously. The experiment uses 2048 x 2048 HAWAII-2RG detector arrays and a cryogenic star tracker. A prototype of the cryogenic star tracker is under construction for a separate launch to verify its performance and star tracking algorithm. The mechanical, optical, and electrical components of the CIBER-2 experiment will have been integrated into the payload by mid-2018. Here we present the final design of CIBER-2 and our team's instrument characterization efforts. The design and analysis of the optical focus tests will be discussed. We also report on the performance of CIBER-2 support systems, including the cooling mechanisms and deployable components. Finally, we outline the remaining tasks required to prepare the payload for launch.	[Nguyen, Chi H.; Stewart, Benjamin; DeSantiago, Ambar; Kruse, Kevin; Loewenthal, Jared; Pape, Christian; Patru, Dorin; Parkus, James; Peryer, Mark; Zemcov, Michael] Rochester Inst Technol, Ctr Detectors, Rochester, NY 14623 USA; [Bock, James J.; Hristov, Viktor; Korngut, Phillip; Lanz, Alicia; Liu, Lunjun; Mason, Peter] CALTECH, Dept Phys Math & Astron, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Bock, James J.; Zemcov, Michael] NASA, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA; [Cooray, Asantha] Univ Calif Irvine, Dept Phys & Astron, Irvine, CA 92697 USA; [Danbayashi, Kenta; Kojima, Tomoya; Matsuura, Shuji; Ohta, Ryo; Sano, Kei; Takahashi, Aoi; Takimoto, Kohji; Yamada, Yasuhiro] Kwansei Gakuin Univ, Sch Sci & Technol, Sanda, Hyogo 6691337, Japan; [Matsumoto, Toshio; Takahashi, Aoi; Wada, Takehiko] Japan Aerosp Explorat Agcy JAXA, ISAS, Sagamihara, Kanagawa 2525210, Japan; [Takahashi, Aoi] Grad Univ Adv Studies SOKENDAI, Hayama, Kanagawa 2400193, Japan; [Tsumura, Kohji] Tohoku Univ, Frontier Res Inst Interdisciplinary Sci, Sendai, Miyagi 9808578, Japan; [Bang, Seung-Cheol; Lee, Dae-Hee; Park, Won-Kee] Korea Astron & Space Sci Inst KASI, Daejeon 305348, South Korea; [Matsumoto, Toshio; Wang, Shiang-Yu] Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, Taipei 10617, Taiwan	Nguyen, CH (corresponding author), Rochester Inst Technol, Ctr Detectors, Rochester, NY 14623 USA.	chn2906@rit.edu		Tsumura, Kohji/0000-0001-7143-6520; Takahashi, Aoi/0000-0003-3881-3202	NASA APRANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX07AI54G, NNG05WC18G, NNX07AG43G, NNX07AJ24G, NNX10AE12G]; KAKENHI from Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS)Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of ScienceGrants-in-Aid for Scientific Research (KAKENHI) [2034, 18204018, 19540250, 21340047, 21111004, 15H05744]; Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT)Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT); Pioneer Project from Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute (KASI); USIP NASA grant [NNX16AI82A]; NASA Headquarters under the NASA Earth and Space Science Fellowship ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [80NSSCK0706]	CIBER-2 was supported by NASA APRA research grants NNX07AI54G, NNG05WC18G, NNX07AG43G, NNX07AJ24G, and NNX10AE12G. Japanese participation was supported by KAKENHI (2034, 18204018, 19540250, 21340047, 21111004, and 15H05744) from Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology (MEXT). Korean participation was supported by the Pioneer Project from Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute (KASI). CSTARS was supported by USIP NASA grant NNX16AI82A. C.H.N was supported by NASA Headquarters under the NASA Earth and Space Science Fellowship Program - Grant 80NSSCK0706. We would like to thank the NASA Wallops Flight Facility engineers and staff for their technical supports.		19	0	0	0	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1950-0	PROC SPIE			2018	10698								106984J	10.1117/12.2311595			14	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL4UZ	WOS:000450864600115		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Park, WK; Bang, SC; Battle, J; Bock, J; Cooray, A; Danbayashi, K; DeSantiago, A; Hristov, V; Kojima, T; Korngut, P; Lanz, A; Lee, DH; Liu, L; Loewenthal, J; Mason, P; Matsumoto, T; Matsuura, S; Nguyen, CH; Ohta, R; Patru, D; Peyer, M; Sano, K; Takahashi, A; Takimoto, K; Tsumura, K; Wada, T; Wang, SY; Yamada, Y; Zemcov, M		Lystrup, M; MacEwen, HA; Fazio, GG		Park, Won-Kee; Bang, Seung-Cheol; Battle, John; Bock, James; Cooray, Asantha; Danbayashi, Kenta; DeSantiago, Ambar; Hristov, Viktor; Kojima, Tomoya; Korngut, Phillip; Lanz, Alicia; Lee, Dae-Hee; Liu, Lunjun; Loewenthal, Jared; Mason, Peter; Matsumoto, Toshio; Matsuura, Shuji; Nguyen, Chi H.; Ohta, Ryo; Patru, Dorin; Peyer, Mark; Sano, Kei; Takahashi, Aoi; Takimoto, Kohji; Tsumura, Kohji; Wada, Takehiko; Wang, Shiang-Yu; Yamada, Yasuhiro; Zemcov, Michael			Development of data storage system and GSE for Cosmic Infrared Background ExpeRiment 2 (CIBER-2)	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: OPTICAL, INFRARED, AND MILLIMETER WAVE	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope, SPIE		CIBER-2; Cosmic infrared background; Sounding rocket experiment; Ground station electronics		Cosmic Infrared Background ExpeRiment-2 (CIBER-2) is an international project to make a rocket-borne measurement of the Cosmic Infrared Background (CIB) using three HAWAII-2RG image sensors. Since the rocket telemetry is unable to downlink all the image data in real time, we adopt an onboard data storage board for each sensor electronics. In this presentation, the development of the data storage board and the Ground Station Electronics (GSE) system for CIBER2 are described. We have fabricated, integrated, and tested all systems and confirmed that all work as expected, and are ready for flight.	[Park, Won-Kee; Bang, Seung-Cheol; Lee, Dae-Hee; Matsumoto, Toshio] Korea Astron & Space Sci Inst KASI, Daejeon, South Korea; [Battle, John; Bock, James; Hristov, Viktor; Korngut, Phillip; Lanz, Alicia; Liu, Lunjun; Mason, Peter] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Cooray, Asantha; Loewenthal, Jared; Zemcov, Michael] Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA USA; [Danbayashi, Kenta; Kojima, Tomoya; Matsuura, Shuji; Ohta, Ryo; Sano, Kei; Takahashi, Aoi; Takimoto, Kohji; Yamada, Yasuhiro] Kwansei Gakuin Univ, Nishinomiya, Hyogo, Japan; [DeSantiago, Ambar; Nguyen, Chi H.; Patru, Dorin; Peyer, Mark; Zemcov, Michael] Rochester Inst Technol, Rochester, NY 14623 USA; [Tsumura, Kohji] Tohoku Univ, Sendai, Miyagi, Japan; [Matsumoto, Toshio; Takahashi, Aoi; Wada, Takehiko] Japan Aerosp Explorat Agcy, Inst Space & Astronaut Sci, Sagamihara, Kanagawa, Japan; [Takimoto, Kohji] SOKENDAI Grad Univ Adv Studies, Kanazawa, Ishikawa, Japan; [Wang, Shiang-Yu] Acad Sinica, Inst Astron & Astrophys, Taipei, Taiwan	Park, WK (corresponding author), Korea Astron & Space Sci Inst KASI, Daejeon, South Korea.	wkpark@kasi.re.kr		Takahashi, Aoi/0000-0003-3881-3202; Tsumura, Kohji/0000-0001-7143-6520	Japan Society for the Promotion of ScienceMinistry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (MEXT)Japan Society for the Promotion of Science [KAKENHI 20.34, 18204018, 19540250, 21340047, 21111004, 24111717, 26800112, 15H05744]; NASA Headquarters under the NASA Earth and Space Science Fellowship ProgramNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [80NSSCK0706]	This work is supported by Grants-in-Aid from the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (KAKENHI 20.34, 18204018, 19540250, 21340047, 21111004, 24111717, 26800112 and 15H05744). Chi H. Nguyen is supported by NASA Headquarters under the NASA Earth and Space Science Fellowship Program - Grant 80NSSCK0706.		5	0	0	1	2	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1950-0	PROC SPIE			2018	10698								1069849	10.1117/12.2313184			8	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL4UZ	WOS:000450864600108		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Staguhn, J; Amatucci, E; Armus, L; Bradley, D; Carter, R; Chuss, D; Corsetti, J; Cooray, A; Howard, J; Leisawitz, D; Meixner, M; Moseley, SH; Pope, A; Vierra, J; Wollack, E		Lystrup, M; MacEwen, HA; Fazio, GG		Staguhn, Johannes; Amatucci, Edward; Armus, Lee; Bradley, Damon; Carter, Ruth; Chuss, David; Corsetti, James; Cooray, Asantha; Howard, Joseph; Leisawitz, David; Meixner, Margaret; Moseley, Samuel H.; Pope, Alexandra; Vierra, Joacquin; Wollack, Edward			Origins Space Telescope: The Far Infrared Imager and Polarimeter FIP	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: OPTICAL, INFRARED, AND MILLIMETER WAVE	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope, SPIE		far-infrared; space observatories; cryogenic detectors; far-infrared instruments		The Origins Space Telescope (OST) is the mission concept for the Far-Infrared Surveyor, one of the four science and technology definition studies of NASA Headquarters for the 2020 Astronomy and Astrophysics Decadal survey. "Concept-1" is a cold (4 K) 9 m space telescope with five instruments, while "concept 2" consists of a cold 5.9 m telescope and four instruments, providing imaging and spectroscopic capabilities between 5 mu m and 600 mu m. The sensitivity provided by the observatory will be a three to four orders of magnitude improvement over currently achieved observational capabilities, allowing to address a wide range of new and so far inaccessible scientific questions, ranging from bio-signatures in the atmospheres of exo-planets to the production of the first metals in the universe right after the end of re-ionization. Here we present the Far Infrared Imager and Polarimeter (FIP) for OST. The camera will cover four bands, 50 mu m, 100 mu m, 250 mu m, and 500 mu m. In the "concept 1" version of the instrument, FIP will allow for differential polarimetry with the ability to observe two colors simultaneously, while all four bands can be observed simultaneously in total power mode. The confusion limit in the total power mode will be reached in only 8 ms at 500 mu m, while at 50 mu m the source density in the sky is so low that at OST's angular resolution of similar to 2" in this band the source confusion limit will only be reached after about two hours of integration with the "concept-2" version of FIP ("concept-1" FIP will not be confusion limited at 50 mu m, no matter how long it integrates). Science topics that can be addressed by the camera include, but are not limited to, galactic and extragalactic magnetic field studies, deep galaxy surveys, and outer Solar System objects.	[Staguhn, Johannes] Johns Hopkins Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Staguhn, Johannes; Amatucci, Edward; Bradley, Damon; Carter, Ruth; Corsetti, James; Howard, Joseph; Leisawitz, David; Moseley, Samuel H.; Wollack, Edward] NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA; [Armus, Lee] CALTECH, IPAC, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Chuss, David] Villa Nova Univ, 800 Lancaster Ave, Villanova, PA 19085 USA; [Cooray, Asantha] Univ Calif Irvine, Dept Phys & Astron, Irvine, CA 92697 USA; [Meixner, Margaret] Space Telescope Sci Inst, 3700 San Martin Dr, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA; [Pope, Alexandra] Univ Massachusetts, Amherst, MA 01003 USA; [Vierra, Joacquin] Univ Illinois, Astron 229, 1002 W Green St, Urbana, IL 61801 USA	Staguhn, J (corresponding author), Johns Hopkins Univ, Dept Phys & Astron, Baltimore, MD 21218 USA.; Staguhn, J (corresponding author), NASA, Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD 20771 USA.	johannes.staguhn@nasa.gov	Wollack, Edward J/D-4467-2012	Wollack, Edward J/0000-0002-7567-4451				6	7	7	0	1	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1950-0	PROC SPIE			2018	10698								106981A	10.1117/12.2312626			6	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL4UZ	WOS:000450864600033		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Sutin, BM; Alvarez, M; Battaglia, N; Bock, J; Bonato, M; Borrill, J; Chuss, DT; Cooperrider, J; Crill, B; Delabrouille, J; Devlin, M; Essinger-Hileman, T; Fissel, L; Flauger, R; Gorski, K; Green, D; Hanany, S; Hubmayr, J; Johnson, B; Jones, WC; Knox, L; Kogut, A; Lawrence, C; McMahon, J; Matsumura, T; Negrello, M; O'Brient, R; Paine, C; Pryke, C; Shirron, P; Trangsrud, A; Wen, Q; Young, K; de Zotti, G		Lystrup, M; MacEwen, HA; Fazio, GG		Sutin, Brian M.; Alvarez, Marcelo; Battaglia, Nicholas; Bock, Jamie; Bonato, Matteo; Borrill, Julian; Chuss, David T.; Cooperrider, Joelle; Crill, Brendan; Delabrouille, Jacques; Devlin, Mark; Essinger-Hileman, Thomas; Fissel, Laura; Flauger, Raphael; Gorski, Krzysztof; Green, Daniel; Hanany, Shaul; Hubmayr, Johannes; Johnson, Bradley; Jones, William C.; Knox, Lloyd; Kogut, Alan; Lawrence, Charles; McMahon, Jeff; Matsumura, Tomotake; Negrello, Mattia; O'Brient, Roger; Paine, Christopher; Pryke, Clement; Shirron, Peter; Trangsrud, Amy; Wen, Qi; Young, Karl; de Zotti, Gianfranco			PICO - the probe of inflation and cosmic origins	SPACE TELESCOPES AND INSTRUMENTATION 2018: OPTICAL, INFRARED, AND MILLIMETER WAVE	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Space Telescopes and Instrumentation - Optical, Infrared, and Millimeter Wave	JUN 10-15, 2018	Austin, TX	4D Technol, Andor Technol Ltd, Astron Consultants & Equipment Inc, Giant Magellan Telescope, GPixel Inc, Harris Corp, Mater Corp, Optimax Syst Inc, Princeton Infrared Technologies, Symetrie, Teledyne Technologies Inc, Thirty Meter Telescope, SPIE		cosmic microwave background; polarization; space mission; bolometers; cryocooling; B-modes; probe-class	PERFORMANCE	The Probe of Inflation and Cosmic Origins (PICO) is a NASA-funded study of a Probe-class mission concept. The toplevel science objectives are to probe the physics of the Big Bang by measuring or constraining the energy scale of inflation, probe fundamental physics by measuring the number of light particles in the Universe and the sum of neutrino masses, to measure the reionization history of the Universe, and to understand the mechanisms driving the cosmic star formation history, and the physics of the galactic magnetic field. PICO would have multiple frequency bands between 21 and 799 GHz, and would survey the entire sky, producing maps of the polarization of the cosmic microwave background radiation, of galactic dust, of synchrotron radiation, and of various populations of point sources. Several instrument configurations, optical systems, cooling architectures, and detector and readout technologies have been and continue to be considered in the development of the mission concept. We will present a snapshot of the baseline mission concept currently under development.	[Sutin, Brian M.; Cooperrider, Joelle; Crill, Brendan; Gorski, Krzysztof; Lawrence, Charles; O'Brient, Roger; Paine, Christopher; Trangsrud, Amy] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Alvarez, Marcelo] Univ Calif Berkeley, Berkeley, CA 94720 USA; [Jones, William C.] Princeton Univ, Princeton, NJ 08544 USA; [Bock, Jamie] CALTECH, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA; [Bonato, Matteo] Osservatorio Radioastron, Bologna, Italy; [Borrill, Julian] Lawrence Berkeley Natl Lab, Berkeley, CA USA; [Chuss, David T.] Villanova Univ, Villanova, PA 19085 USA; [Delabrouille, Jacques] Lab AstroParticule & Cosmol, Paris, France; [Delabrouille, Jacques] CEA, DAP, Gif Sur Yvette, France; [Devlin, Mark] Univ Penn, Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA; [Fissel, Laura] NRAO, Charlottesville, VA USA; [Flauger, Raphael] Univ Calif San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093 USA; [Green, Daniel] Univ Toronto, Toronto, ON, Canada; [Hanany, Shaul; Pryke, Clement; Wen, Qi; Young, Karl] Univ Minnesota, St Paul, MN USA; [Hubmayr, Johannes] NIST, Gaithersburg, MD 20899 USA; [Johnson, Bradley] Columbia Univ, New York, NY 10027 USA; [Knox, Lloyd] Univ Calif Davis, Davis, CA 95616 USA; [Essinger-Hileman, Thomas; Kogut, Alan; Shirron, Peter] Goddard Space Flight Ctr, Greenbelt, MD USA; [McMahon, Jeff] Univ Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109 USA; [Matsumura, Tomotake] Univ Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan; [Negrello, Mattia] Cardiff Univ, Cardiff, S Glam, Wales; [de Zotti, Gianfranco] Osserv Astron Padova, Padua, Italy; [Battaglia, Nicholas] Flatiron Inst, Ctr Computat Astrophys, New York, NY USA	Sutin, BM (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, Pasadena, CA 91125 USA.	brian.m.sutin@jpl.nasa.gov		Sutin, Brian/0000-0002-8690-4830; Bonato, Matteo/0000-0001-9139-2342; Gorski, Krzysztof/0000-0003-2933-8630	NASANational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA) [NNX17AK52G]; National Aeronautics and Space AdministrationNational Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA); ASI/University of Roma-Tor Vergata [2016-24-H.0]; PNCG	Work on the PICO is supported by NASA through grant #NNX17AK52G to the University of Minnesota. The research described in this paper was partially carried out at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a part of the California Institute of Technology, under a contract with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Gianfranco de Zotti acknowledges financial support from the ASI/University of Roma-Tor Vergata agreement n. 2016-24-H.0 for study activities of the Italian cosmology community. Jacques Delabrouille acknowledges financial support from PNCG for participating to the PICO study. The information provided about the PICO mission concept is pre-decisional and is provided for planning and discussion purposes only.		26	7	7	0	3	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-1950-0	PROC SPIE			2018	10698								106984F	10.1117/12.2311326			11	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	Astronomy & Astrophysics; Instruments & Instrumentation; Optics	BL4UZ	WOS:000450864600112		Green Accepted			2020-09-09	
S	Anderson, JR; Ferraro, N; Soares, C		Soares, CE; Wooldridge, EM; Matheson, BA		Anderson, John R.; Ferraro, Ned; Soares, Carlos			Implications of New Stringent Requirements for Contamination Control	SYSTEMS CONTAMINATION: PREDICTION, CONTROL, AND PERFORMANCE 2018	Proceedings of SPIE		English	Proceedings Paper	Conference on Systems Contamination - Prediction, Control, and Performance	AUG 20-21, 2018	San Diego, CA	SPIE				The field of contamination control has evolved to deal with increasingly sophisticated instruments developed in response to increasingly complex missions. Although there have been failures and degraded instrument performance due to contamination, contamination control methods have been largely successful to date. However, due to improvements in technology and the desire for more sensitive science measurements, spacecraft are no longer clean enough to meet more stringent contamination requirements. New contamination control engineering methods will require institutional investments. As a first step toward identifying appropriate areas for these investments, a "brainstorming" exercise is performed addressing some of the more important areas where improvements are needed.	[Anderson, John R.; Ferraro, Ned; Soares, Carlos] CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA	Anderson, JR (corresponding author), CALTECH, Jet Prop Lab, 4800 Oak Grove Dr, Pasadena, CA 91109 USA.							14	0	0	0	0	SPIE-INT SOC OPTICAL ENGINEERING	BELLINGHAM	1000 20TH ST, PO BOX 10, BELLINGHAM, WA 98227-0010 USA	0277-786X	1996-756X	978-1-5106-2068-1	PROC SPIE			2018	10748								UNSP 107480D	10.1117/12.2325982			4	Optics	Optics	BL5SW	WOS:000452650700009					2020-09-09	
